Coolio Levelio
This is coolio indeedio
check your "before epic ticket"---->
Somehow fluked this from 0, cool level :)
Coolio Levelio - Gangsta's Paradise. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH
Like if you like Alkali
GG :o
i mean yea agreed
Another banger, he just don't miss
level name isn't lying
almost as good as agario
Useless fact : If you remove io in Coolio Levelio you got a true fax
19 attempts. #1636
as i walk through the valley of coolio level, i stupidly screw up
Petition for weekly demon --------------->
gg 12 attempts
Cool
Coolio Levle
maybe a medium demon, how bout that rob?
97%
LDM soon, i hope...
Dont worry Xender, this is the best level of the game :)
better than cant let go
petition for LDM and ULDM --------->
Absolutely amazing
So this is what a godlike level looks like ? Wow
OMG.
Absolute masterpiece, I've watched it over and over so many times :]
Absolutely a masterpiece! Good job Xender Game for this beautiful level! :D
Incredible.
Xender entering god mode
Hardest part of this level is pressing the play button
"looks like Xender hasn't uploaded his uldm version" let's motivate him with a controlled shock.
#mobilelivesmatter
Visually, this is THE best level in the game. Can't believe it's finally out! Awesome job, Xender!
Absolutely astonishing!
LDM, Secret updated...
I'm a goofy goober
SHEEEEEESHHH
Imagine showing this to a 2013 player 
Level 15 completed.
its funny to me how i suck at the normal electrodynamix but almost did this in 1 attempt
this is the type of levels we need
Like if you came from Aeon Air :)
I like it. It's very fun to play.
How to get feaured: 1. Make a spin-off to RubRub level; 2. Upload it
Acheron100%
Really enjoyable
Never have I ever wanted to beat something with no rate this much. Loving the series!
more fun than electrodynamix
rerate blacklight by chipzz
rob do you think you could rate some old demons too? 
It makes me so happy to see Rob featuring levels like these
POG
why is this rated?!
what a lazy ship gameplay bruh
ok maybe rated but why featured ?
gameplay is repetitive
congrats! you have found 5 the secret robtop levels ;)
These levels are so refreshing to play
Not to be mean but maybe singing isnt for everyone
like this post if you dont have a valentine :)
"Who is your valentines?" My arm.
So clean <3
my valentine is your mom
yay im single!
like=no valentine gang
Kevin said hi
Ella no te dejo en visto es que tu la dejaste sin palabras rey
valentine's day is the most depressing day of the year...
Very cute level
like this comment if you dont have a valentine lol
i get no birches on valentine bro :* 
Song by Camical, Art by AL3G. Made in 3 days
like if kevin said hi
also robtop comment cringe
Nice song <3
cool one bro :)
kevin is me
no tengo novia pero si a mi perrito, le di un gran abrazo
Nice level. I recommend u to change a bit your style for the next projects! :)
clean ! 
Pretty nice!
the movements are super crisp, cool lvl
Get your ticket here before rate - - - - >
coin at 6%
Very Nice!!!!
this is so cool
Impressive! <3
Holy shit! If this doesn't get epic rating.. Its Injustice!!! So cleannnn
:)
rob i swear if you only do 3 rates
1 coin!
Hermoso
good
very very nice
oal
Such great level!
hola buenas aqui saliendo de la carcel 
GG
Very fun level, good job guys :)
Thanks for playing our collab, I hope you will like my part guys :P
Hey Spagh, that's a great duo. Nice level :D.
Francais par ici
wow already, thanks rob!!
good gameplay
skips :(
Fun fact: This level will get featured in -17 mins.
Norway <3
Me falto una coin     D:    la tercera,y a ti ?
fastest rate ever
this doesnt have to do with the level itself but vikings didnt wear horns on their helmets
why are your levels always good?
The Weekng
my favorite song
I was expecting someone to say: GeT yUoR bEfOrE RaTe TiCkEt NoW  ~~~~~~~>
Super amazing! :D
GG 3 coins
GG
lol nice endscreen
Here, happy Valentine's day ! :')
Really Good, should probably be an epic feature
Featured on the 14 of February, thanks Rob ! (me omw to never get an epic)
Cute level, nice job! <3
What an amazing level, this deserves an epic rating!
hi girlfrend left me yesterday ...
You guys are so sweet, genuinely thank you so much.
Cute level, fun gameplay, satisfying coins, great art!
sweet, I'm really liking this :)
feature this on 14th feb
Happy Valentines Day :)
this is getting daily tommorow if it tet rated
GG beautiful level! :)
How is this not epic?!
UPDATE 1 : Fixed the blue orb at 6%. Again thanks for the incredible support ! :')
this is awesome :)
should get epic
 i saw michigun..alone...
Cool Level Let's go to epic
PERFECTLY
73.236.82.21
10 likes and ill send my pet rock on a ship to this ip adress
no dude your ip is 3.1415926535
im coming over rn
nice opinion you got there but sadly... 73.289.83.21
extremely fun gameplay, also props to the guy who leaked his ip address
perhaps you should click the black orb early
1
i think the information in the title is incorrect
GG! :) 20 Attempts! 41997 User Coins! Funny art at the end and good level!
72.263.82.18
Mine is 67.745.23.76
MY IP ADDRESS IS 6 ARE WE NEIGHBORS???????
why is this a 4 star
thats nice and all but unfortunately 46.251.198.213
pulsing obj are so underrated
749.761.28
good argument unfortunally your mom
nice level unfortunately 7
remember kids, dont show them your ip address
wow
You are not thanking me for making the endscreen :sad:
very cool but not a fan of the long endscreen
tnx to u NMTH for epic endscreen :)
Fun gamplay, modern cool looking deco = Should be featured
clean level :)
gg 4 attempts
Next daily?
This could be epic ngl
thanks for using my name idea :)
super clean, I like this
That endings excessively long
cop
gg
geometry dash kinda fruity ngl
nature NATURE nature
GG cool level! :)
GG
Epix
i love this level
lovely
Stop asking me to be your valentine. Dedicating this level to me wont make me say yes.
"Stars requested: 8". My o(3,14)nion: 8/2
2.2 will be released on 22/02/22 22:22 :_)
Woah, just impressive! :D
it's good and it's snail
how have i 1 attempted this
This is really cool
this is so pretty
amazing work
2 atts :)
GG!
gg
GG! :)
this is so perfect
grats :)
woop woop
my onion
really cool
where my single men at
This has a lot of nice ideas, Im excited to see future levels by you. :)
Pretty neat overall, however, could be more adventurous with colours tho is what id say. nice :)
Very very good
what the woman doin
Lessss gooooo! Thanks for your support everyone :)
Claim Doritos                                                                      [here]
like this comment if you want 2.2
nice :)
I like that arts! :D
congrats
Me gusta, bastante piola
playing this makes me really happy for some reason
GG 4CP CHARLIE <333
dubbayoo you are not funny
Dubbayoo that level probably is boring as hell
Great decoration :)
Go charlie follow his twitch 
rerate blacklight by chipzz
GG! 12 attempts :)
Simple but good looking, no annoying gameplay and great song choice.
im really happy the first GHOST level ive seen is such a banger, nice job
this goes so ham
fix this bug though
guapo
Some of the best gameplay I've played
brimbis banger 
this is pretty cool
Very interesting
Very wacky gameplay however not 6* tbh
this should be epic
I replaced the 58% slopes with smaller ones and it appears to work fine now
This gameplay is so weird I love it
really cool level, love the ambience
difficulty: wulzy demon
zzz
has some really cool gp moments
unique and I like it tbh
GG!! Extremely Fun :D
4 att, best 6-7 star gameplay ive played :D
some of the best gameplay i've ever played tbh
NOOO DONT TURN ME INTO MARKETABLE GD CUBES
very cool but dude, calm down on the flashes it hurts to play
Blind gameplay and bugs aren't cool friend :)
fish industries
Amazing work, I like the gameplay and designs!
I hate your level
coin 1: hit "fake" orb at 26. coin 2: go down right after blue portal at 68
misterboff
2kb send came in clutch
very fun
good lvl apex, also thx for the wide screen fix
how dare you stare at my beff
i died tho :(
pass 046133
agree, featured
the 2nd coin robbed me of my beffs and idk how to feel about that
i will never understand how people think pulses that fade to black are okay
epilepsy but in a good way
im done it! good level ape pecks
nice design and gameplay :D
I cant see nothing poor low detail mode
that was fantastic! 
bro this is not fun zo play bc you cant see 
Cool glow design, but gameplay needs major work.
Very Cool Stuff nice colors :)
for anyone curious, the last 2 coins r forced to collect at the end. thats y u got the 2nd coin too
gg
Epileptic warning
bro where am I?
wobot
This sucks bro
should have ultra LDM, still a little laggy for low-end device players
I just cant see the gameplay
i'm 1000 like :)
The Spikes Are Seriously Invisible, Eh?
Horrible level 87 attempts
bruh i cant SEEEE
Pure lag 
GG 42 atts is very fun bro :0
epic level
Top 10 things to do in Brazil - 1. Leave
WE BE GOIN TO BRAZIL
im are brazilian 
I like how the name was inspired by me getting mad at rittee and threatening to send him to brazil
I SWEAR MOVE TO CANADA IT'S AWESOME THERE oWo UwU OwO uWu I LIVE IN VIRGINIA LMAO
hey im from brazil!!!!!and brazil is not just jungle you know that right!i am from sobral in ceara
the only true hell themed level
Except connectivity, this lvl looks so nice
Fun stuff! Could be a little more sight readable in the end though. But, you guys did a good job! :D
really fun and easy to sightread, deco is neat and the jokey vibe the level has is always welcome
Ty for the feature :D
monke
pode vir para o Brasil // Come to Brazil :D
BrainzilETR
this is so good lmao
I love the energy in this, you all did great
100th like lol
muito bom nivel gostei muito 1 att
WAIT THIS IS ACTUALLY SO GOOD 
Like for Epic Rating
beautiful!!!!
gg :)
very solid megacollab, with real nice designs! Good thing there is a decent LDM! 
:DDD
GG! :) 289 Attempts (On Phone)! Beautiful design and a good idea for a second coin! Very fun level!
First position WTFFFFFF
Feliz 14 de Febrero a todos los que vean esto :D
GG Great Megacollab ! :)
finally man
pls scooby doo by gDips
jte suce
old school song
Very fun
GG, was glad to participate.
chinga tu madre kunno xd.
really cool
GG. Top 4. Looking good!
gg 93 att
                                        Dont you just hate it when you run out of space for a comme
YOO this was cool
fsghbnfdhdfhfghdfgh
the portal flipped me the wrong way here
Las transiciones como el culo jaja
BRO
Im sorry for your loss. I wish all the best to both of you :)
I dont understand this
what?
?
what
wat
pro moment
the beat of the song, it fills you with DETERMINATION
like if u beated this level 
ja z nim nie bylem jak cos on mowi o pewnej pannie co sie puszcza za rogiem 
oop
If I buy something from the Reject Shop, does that make me a reject?
fix your level
Gg
GG, bit too hard for 5 star but decent nonetheless. :)
@Handexx Hello ;)
blue level
VSC
that wave was getting claustraphobic
thanks rob <3
not bad, your simplicity was nice but your designs could still work to stand out alongside this
1
free stars 
was that VSC at the start?
you can slide in the wave 
really good colour combinations (:
wave part was sick!
haora si yeaa
GG! :)
gg 1 att
asi nooo :(
also thanks for 500 likes :)
the begining of this song sound like somthing from majoras mask. reminds me of lon lon ranch
OH SH1T TOP 1 CHALLENGE AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
This is an amazing level! wow!
10000/10
Nice to see such happy and friendly levels being made
Comment spammed as flag                                                       [show]
some Vietnamese person belike:VN = VietNam
Like this comment to instantly complete the level
dobre 
like if you from VietNam
This level is sponsored by Nord VN.
ah yes a good game for ages 4+
Like si tienes pene
vietnam
if this gets top comment i will step on a lego
who loves kfc--->
interesting
V(iral)N(ekon)
beautiful lvl
fortine balls
how enjoyable to see content for all ages
60k stars
long time no see, viral
Daily comment
Most definitely not 7 star, but it's pretty nice still.
Nope, im not playing this, not worth it
i like dying to nothing
bronze coin xD
Well, it was a really cool. Thanks to eopc for inviting me. Love music
just please fix the pad bug at robot in 87%
privet
Like if the coin is unverified for you.
why i have a feeling im beating an easy demon
like for a cookie
level rated but coin not rated :(
what a stupid kid disliked all comments?
TTPUBET
 kto zdec russkie, laik
worst gameplay lol
go 1k likes pls)
Really nice try at a collab! But so far it looks too ordinary.
bad gameplay
ky 
I made kids
looks awesome
some jumps are pretty hard but this looks nice
TERRARIA in Geometry Dash? | "Terraria" by Skub
petition to give epic rate ---------->
perfect for platformer mode
like: Geometry dash Ignore: Terraria
so lovely to play this level. Geometry Dash and Terraria are my 2 most played games!
this is the best level ever
Any Terraria players here?
SKUB FAMOUS!!
like if you saw nexus playing this
this level makes me want to save people from jumping off bridges
epic design but the gameplay tho....
dear hispanic kids: a nadie le importa que vengas de nexus callate y ve a lavarte el culo
i really like this power point presentation
This level is so good they made it into a separate game.
why is this not rated ?
here comes the nexus comments
i have over 1000 hours on terraria yet Im still amazed by this. :>
not the best gameplay, but love the pixel art and backgrounds
the dual gameplay is fantastic, great level :o
:note: with hyperactive scatterbrains and milkshake running threw your vains :note:
What can I say, this is just amazing
Pass is "222022" Please Like
lol insane demon
@katabo your first rate was a beg rate bro don't act smart with me
this is so epic aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Very fun level, GG! :)
GG! :) 164 Attempts! Such cool duals, I really liked it a lot! Very fun level!
first "insane demon" 207 att
did he really request 9 stars?
super fun
gg first insane demon 293 attempts
lol
wonderful work! I love the last few bits in particular
awesome
wait, this is so fun.
the dual is way too much of a difficulty spike
damn yall goin at each other whats up with that
the fact that a quarter of the level is asymmetrical dual, such a powerful move .. gotta love it tbh
Eipril furry artist???
LMAO THE ENDSCREEN NOOO
the people who know :| the people who dont know :D
see the level name is funny because
You meant April? Right? The month? Right? ...Right?
OH MY GOD THE END ART IS TWO CAT ICONS IN A TUB I AM DONE I AM DOOONNEEEE
why is it called this
jack
The peak of "If you know.. You know... OwO <3"
"yes officer, this guy right below"
"Do you mind if I join...?" -a line in some animation idk
the name ._.XD
based on these coments a good 40% of geomtrey dash players are furrys
the current state of the community is really concerning
believe in me, dont search eipril in google
*sees comments* *quietly opens incognito tab*
yo prove your a furry in my dms and then I'll add you lol
I GET THAT REFERENCE WTF
Sure hope the faucet doesn't break uwu
2ND PAGE, TY ROB. APPRECIATE YA SON :))))))
Sweet Trip enjoyers rise up
wake up honey new deffy banger
Incredible journey from start to finish
i need alcohol
rate 10 estrellas pls
this level is better than sex
it's 8 estrellas, i beat it in 6 atts.
deja vu
truly an amazing experience 
krasnolvl
Finally a good level to open GD for.
bulgarian loves this level
i redshit
Listen bucko just because a level isn't spammed with glow and air deco doesnt mean its a bad level
died to the triple spike :((((
the moxxie in the window and at the end is literally everything to me
mum i fell in love again with a gd level (bring me to the psychiatrist)
walkers beware
gg 19 att. I absolutely love this level, but I have to admit it did get a little frusturating to sightread
omg omg thx bulgarian
RubRob approve this as a level! SHEEEEESH
I love your style
Oh no, it appears an earthquake is happening
sheeeesh, my first 7* :D
why this not featured
cant see shit
earthquake in nightmare.
GG! 12000 Stars!
Nice level :)
???
Nice Nice!!
gg
ok
neat designs !
breathing is overrated
its a good level but the flashes are off and the blocks are rough
SO FAST
Moonroad
Recent harder Level :)
gg 1 att, great vibes all around! :)
imagine if this was a top 1 demon and you had to beat it 3 times in order to verify it
Cool level! Sent :)
u had to force me to play it 3x to get 3 coins didnt you?
sent for star rate !
GG, subire esto a mi canal xd
3 att, 3 coins
I don't know how to verify this with the coins 
u are one of my favorite creators because all your levels are cool AND have free coins 
me gusta esa mecanica de coins
Happiness! <3
wait a minute how did u verify and get all the coin???
if someone says "1 att 3 coins" you know they are lying
como se verifico este nivel? :0
0.75 MB
3 attempts 3 coins :)
I got each coin seperate. How did you get all 3 at the same time verifying this? 
muy bonito ^_^
GG! Fun lvl >_0
gg 3
GG!
Like For 2.2 coming tommorow
Fun Level!
boomer be like:   Dark Travel song!!! Dark Travel Song!!!
if this gets top comment, i will record myself sliding down the stairs in a box
the hell happened at 67%
guys thisd is the song from dark travoldyssey and odtssey by jonathangd guyys this is so epic tid you know that guyts did you kno0e that this is the s
very good, but lagging on my potato pc T_T
its my birthday can i hit 10 likes
Too many bugs.
I hate you
does anyone else's brain go full stupid mode after like 5 att
But the lag... ;n;
bro fr
Pass: 171921
Vkfrece (dark travel) -> Hidrece (Dark Odyssey)
I know this comment will be clickbait, but like for free color ;)
oof
WHY!!!!!!!!!
bro tf
woah LAG
Thank you for the update, sent :)
awesome work :) cant wait for nexus upload
is it me, or it plays better now?
uldm please
who else hates the beggining 
chel xaposh
top lvl
audio jungle
Really epic! <3
Fantastic :0
hopefully some of the gameplay will get fixed, then I hope for epic!
screw you for the beginning
GG! :) 86 Attempts (On Phone)! Very nice color combination, I liked it! Really fun level!
amazing deco but horrendously awful gameplay that makes the level no longer rate worthy
inex moy batyA
nakonetzto
How is this not epic?!
My computer burned
feature? or epic?
my eyes
anyone else think The Rock looks alot like Dwayne Johnson?                                          
so is it alright ? :D
Porque no esta rateado? :0 el nivel es increibleeeeee 
GG 6000 stars
epic bro
ta muy bien esto tiene asegurado el rate
simple but interesting, sent to mods! :)
akhirnya
I love song, intuitive gp and design
duckyclown is a noob :D
gg here before rate
rate it rob :)
quite simple but it's alright :)
saw the group 69
je kiffe ce style !! dans mes favs instant
omg this is so good, continue creating
gg
LETS GO AZUVY
Gg :)
GG 3 coins <3
remember me when this gets daily :P
this is pretty fun actually
Designs are neato. Nice level :)
cool designs but the lack of background detail makes this seem unfinished, great other than that :)
OH MY GOD IT HAS TIMINGS!!!!
fun but hard to sight read. good level
JUST HOLD THE DASH ORB AT 57 TILL IT STOP AND THEN CLICK THE YELLOW ORB
BRO!! i love this so much !! gp: 10/10  deco 9/10 i love this level so much brruuuh
goodness gracious, this level certainly is a most enjoyable stage to behold!
good designs and gameplay i liked it!
epic looking! if you added a little more air decoration i could see this possibly getting epic rated
the overlayed portals makes it confusing even got annoyed with it, gp is quite frogettable but itfun
pretty good gameplay tbh
gg, good lvl
10k starts...GG 7/2/2022
Epico! >:D!
12%
can we do beg rates?
Love the blocks but could use sir deco. Also the arrows are very unnecessary.
25,521 stars.  No practice mode :)
GG! 3,600 Demons! 12/02/2022 :)
happy lunar new year yall!
close enough to 100%
super cool
very fun
you evil 
GG! :) 17 Attempts! 3920 Demons! Very fun and cool level! 12/02/2022 ;)
thank you all for the support! I'll try harder in the future!
rate 'big time' by emily419, incredibly underrated level
Like if you dont have ball cancer
GG free demon tbh
and for those ppl out there saying this shouldnt be a demon, welp youre right. i requested for 9 stars lol
please dont put invisible speed portals in your level... did we not learn from magmatic sanctuary?
i went to taco bell and asked for a big mac
I skipped the cube portal somehow
1 Like = No fail in 99%
Fun level, GG! :)
40 attempts. #1650
Some players who commented here are mean. Respect the creator and his creation.
i thought it said simp city
WOW your part is sick, thanks for finishing this old level of mine! :D
found a actual level in the recent tab lol
True!
very nice
so close to the funny
americ anfootball
Loved the level until the dual part and unecessary blind spider transitions...
@BrainETR Ayy thanks for inviting me! It was so fun!! <3
Why was this transition necessary
this should be insane!!
Ayy my level got rated! Thank you RobTop and Danolex! ^^
Sorry if yall dont like the gameplay, I made it like 7 months ago so its defintely not my best lol
You guys did an awesome job!
Curious Fact: he is one of the creators of the level "Doritos Nacho Cheese"
I saw some cool creators commented here. Thanks! ^^
Nice :)
Rob do you watch american football
@Kolog I agree. Thanks! :)
What do you do at the two green orbs??
wow the sun is cute :D
What do we want. 0 cp rates. Normal. Or demons?
Let's "Pho King" gooooo
Masterpiece, thats the word for describe this! 
Outstanding work.
GG! 14 attempts, should be easy demon ;)
Happy new year for everyone , tomorrow is new year's Eve in china , Hope to have a better year :D
Happy new year- Im also a Vietnamese :)
Wow, this is gorgeous.
Pass is 173111
YES EPIC GG :))))))
The oldies and the goodies Rob
The visuals are awesome. The coin creativity is outstanding. Perfect level man.
Happy Lunar New Year 2022!!! :D
Masterpiece!
GG! :)
lvl rat xinh dep tuyet voi, tang ban nghin like
only legends remember when this was hard demon
xue hua piao
this is going to be weekly im calling it
chuc mung nam moi 
feels like stolen..... Look at the account. no comments. no more levels. no demons. nothing.
And 112 likes drives my brother insane T-T
the beggening is cancer
feels like another geraldbrown *experiment*
this had more annoying timings than any other easy demons i've played lol
banger but sus account
Go higher
i love this new style of levels
why not on your main account?
Cool, but a bit empty in places. Not bad :)
i think this is a creating-only account
7 stars? In what world is this a 7 star level?
Go To 1K Star!
Nice
GG!! NICE
la parte de la nave es lo mas complicadillo, me gusta el level :3
xD
cool concepts
purple haze
GG :)
Hmm, kinda reminds me of FrostCore by Blitzmister, idk tho- :thinking:
Funny how a core level has better gameplay than majority of new rates.
Good map :)
236,196 attempts, rate Extreme Hell Devil Monster Spooky Poopy Insane Saitama Goku Naruto Demon
majacko style best style
map CLEAR!
Change song due to popular demand
wierd level
surprisingly this is very easy to read. gg!
gg 211 att 3 coins
overdecorated
if this is a 9 star, i will accept the hardness (it is)
Delete this level.
big balls
demon
I'm not sure why this level is 9 stars but it's still very enjoyable, gg 9 attempts :)
unreal
Easy 9 stars level GG
q asco x'D
bruh
man this goes so hard
if you have any issues with gameplay im to blame i made the layout
I thought I was asexual until I played this level
My only braincell just vanished.
I love Nelward
wtf is this gameplay man
flutter(shy)
I love Nelward
fluttershy from my little stupid pony
telling people to kill themselves is similarly cringe just putting it out there
the spider part sucks so badly(you literally cant siteread it)
if u thunk of me
someone shit in the elevator again
LETS GOOOOOOOO
rocket league sideswipe sweats pulling out their controller mid-class
furries are fine as long as they dont do anything illegal
@aaguila cope seethe mald <3
the last 3 dailys were rainbow themed.. robtop?
SO YOURE TRANS... YOU MUST REALLY HATE YOUR BODY, HUH? AAAAAAHH!!! New Pretzel Chicken Fries only at
How this got rated? Bad unbalanced gameplay and have buggs. Design boring...
i totally didnt make this
onvil totally didnt make this
its a 7 star believe me
its a 7 star believe him
youre not overdefo i was tricked and bamboozled
overdefo in china
People should put more unnecessary trollfaces in their levels
GG! :)
GG! :) 111 Attempts! 3 times died at 98%, epic coins! Very fun level and art at the end!
boo
Can people like stop making unnecessary trollfaces in their levels
I hate this ship
am i the only one who experiences bugs in the ufo?
Not bad! Like this gameplay :D
all coins: time a microclick on the 1st dash orb, then hold right after to do 2 jumps. coins at end
demon q quizas me pase luego
veltal by onvildefo
GG DEMON (1284) Fluke 47% 
one att in practice nooooo
GG! :)
super fun, fluked from 0 :)
are you single
Very fun level, sent :)
sexy flow gameplay done right
look! i sent a level! i did it!
Actually so good dude wtf
very fun :)
this is fantastic!
NC vibes lol
cool
this level goes so hard
This is cool, could get rated If you get it out there.
welcome all you mods and enjoy your stay (where did they all come from???)
AS SOON AS I SAY IM OK WITHOUT A FEATURE LETS GOOOO thank you robtroll
my new fav level will be sending this litrally everywhere
soo fun and good
im not too bothered if this isnt rated tbh, wasnt expecting it anyway but im happy people like it :)
LETS GOO
yoo is this about to be your first rated level??!!!
cool to see this finally out! Hope this gets a feature.
cool level but 187.592.87.92
actually my ip is 152.821.12.1
make the logo fade to black instead of using an alpha trigger
My balls itch
go check out XdMaNIaC for making straight fire. This level was inspired by it but with orignalDesign
Tommy likes men, I like women. We are not the same.
respect to people wh give out free coins B)
GG 18,600 ESTRELLAS!!
wanna hint for the first coin drop to the ground off the first platform then double tap
like if you can barely see the purple block. overall, this is amazing
eyyyy
tommy gae
ok so what was the point in the invis blocks at 87
Tommy likes men
Dammit i died at 69
i love life
Free coins and nice level.
my name is tommy
gg thanks for the free coins at the end
wait, 2.2 level in 2.1?
impressive
Amazing job!
extremely glad that i had the opportunity to verify this, this level is amazing :)
GG! 115 attempts :)
Amazing
GG! :)
this is so goooooood
probably because of some transitions being blind i guess
If you can run this on mobile. Ill do your homework :/
i like
pretty unbalanced but fun GG :^)
GG awesome level :)
les gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
fixed portal bug at 35 and some visual bugs
awesome :o
beautiful tho
GG (Im gonna tell Reventory to balance it a bit xd)
47~100, so far....
my pc is burning
Glad to be one of the testers :D
like to rate                                              (here)
K THX ROB I'M STILL GONNA SUCK YOUR TOES FOR THIS RATE owo
:skull:
I love this! Neat art :)
*insert vibing cat*
This is one of my favorite levels! ^^
i am in your walls (i will remain there)
The kiwaii vibes in this level are infinite uwu
GG! :)
Good! ;)
like if you are from the furry fandom
nice but laggy :(
Yo, pretty level, but I think pots on the last part are a little unfinished.
no it dont has LDM
gg
Epic
really empty in most parts, and could use some pulses. otherwise, nice job!
cool,but mobile players want ldm
gg
I LOVE THE SONG. good rate rob!! :) Epic rate petition ~~~~~~~~~~~>
Also, the font on the endscreen was made by RayZN, not by Brick. "Brick" is the name of the font
COIN: Touch the trigger at 36% and skip the dash orb at 41%/42%
not my imagination. OUR IMAGINATION
YOOOO 
gg 3 att, really fun :)
GG :))
very special comment!
14K stars gg
gg 77,000 stars
GG! :)
Yeah
25 atts :D
gg
SELAMAT BRO KEFEATURED
Gg! Got the coin :3
pog
yess its rated :D
fake a might by lunarsimg and heartbeat by aleexhey
Most of the starting gameplay needs work.
j
Thx for the dislike bot <3
this is the only level where a dislike bot is valid
bro spent money on digital dislikes
dislike botters a actually losers
FYI: This is a vent level. This iwas not meant to be "fun". Don't cry about the GP being bad. (1/2)
You have very good ideas, especially with the last part
Someone was personally offended by this level...
The font at the end is from New Wicked Hue by Jayuff but finished by LTGS. I wont change GP. (2/2)
yall have never played a memory level in your life and it shows
your best by a mile and a half i love this
that's cool! why so many dislikes?
I just want to say thank you to everyone who liked the level to get it out of dislikes :)
coin 2: start holding at 65 until u automatically switch gravity as the spider, reclick soon after
coin 1: jump over structure at 2, fall down at 10, coin at 39
The gameplay was pretty bad. The level is copy pasted everywhere. But it has a good atmosphere.
damn dislike bots
Dislike bot is gay
also ppl hating cuz they cant get past 5%, when they arent even 5% thru their lives lmaooo
i am self aware that dislikd botters suck
roses are red, america hamburgers, whoever dislike botted this level, your dad's a s@x worker
Great atmosphere, ufo gameplay is kinda sus
this is amazing
dream big
UPDATE: nerfed last part (shoutout @sivlol for verifying)
im here because...... n-n... nexus
I broke 67% in the level while practice mode, what just happened ????
totaly not easy demon and gameplay cancer :/
23 attempts. #1637
Great level, GG! :)
like if you hate ufo part!
Love the gameplay except for the ufo, WAY too much rng there, other than that good level!
the mini UFO part ruined the whole level
GG, 112 att
very easy medium demon
i like this level but i have some criticism.maybe either nerf the ufo or buff the rest of the level
robtop was on drugs when he made this easy demon
Before R8 :^)
ya like jazz
Like si viniste por Nexus xd
the end of the ufo was very annoying, very glad my worst fail was only 78%, 585 demons, very epic
i do in fact love men
the hardest task known to mankind, creating level names
gas up zGzeee's comment (he is guhzuh)
let me have fun with my level names, christ
cannot have crap in detroit
you guys care way too much when i name a level something ridiculous
would be cool to have another jarvis daily level
this level is so good it makes me like men as well
can vouch, he talks about his homosexuality constantly
feman
yo guhzuh hit me up :smirk:
I like that feeling of beating a level in 1 attempt
congratulations on coming out
stop exposing me rocipher
I love wemen and men its more fun :))
I respect Guhzuh's opinion, and I will respect to the rest of my life, he can like men all he wants.
That dual spider part is amazing, never knew how much I needed that in my life until now lmao
Another level to piss off homophobic people LMAO GG
I like men too
I hacked your mom's gd account
deco is quite good but the gameplay absolutely sucks so the level sucks too
cactus
deco 5/10 gameplay 3/10 trash level
everybody gangsta till this guy browser history has "cactus r34"
why is this featured?
pregnant cactus
EVERYBODY STFU, THIS LEVEL IS SICK
they let anything get rated nowadays, i guess
when you smelt cactus you get green dye
me cactus me cactus
Not the best design ive ever seen...
stop making bangers pls
deco is very creative but gp is unclear and unbalanced.
The cactus "decoration" is so stupid but so unique at the same time
give this man a cactus
wtf why did I do worse on this than on memory demons
respect the cactus or feel the cactus
this level is so good wtf with everyone hating it
Plants have babies?
41 attempts. Really confusing and unsightreadable gameplay.
maffaka and DecOdY  
annoying
RIP Gameplay dude :/
Rate!
why rate lol
pimpa
Decodi gey
wow this gameplay is awful. why
i'm 100 like:)
cool collab)))
The second coin is hard as hell
cool
COOOOL
HOW this got featured, this level looks only like star rate and nothing more
un asco
I top 6 and 8 :)
pass:529440
MaFFaKa + DeCody = <3
Good level! sent to mods :)
awesome, 120 att (axyenno chel)
die
This level is, in fact, harder than Electroman Adventures.
111111111111111111
Hey guys, big gg and all but like, can we talk abt why frog legs taste like plastic?
decent into exile
click here to claim your before rate ticket ----->
this isnt a top 1 this is like top 40, bgram said so himself
real shit
descent into these nuts
STOP SAYING TOP 1! IT ISNT EVEN CLOSE TO TOP 1
rated lets go
#killyoself
"This will never get rated" -Random user, hours before it was rated
gg
die
lets go gram
kinda fun gp
Rate Descent Into Exile :^
poop into exile imo ^^
this level is, in fact, easier than back on track.
Bruh not the dislike-bot.
Nice level! Good luck for the epic rating :)
Like this comment. xD
You asked for the epic. Lets hope youll get it. Cool level :)
dislike bot is getting fixed soon dw
I really hope to get epic soon, that's my #1 goal atm
love seeing insanes in this game, feel like people dont make them anymore
no epic :(
yo igual crearia asi con la deco pero nunca me darian rate :(
Very amazing level but i don't think is 9* level lol
48% there is really no react time
We love your level :c but not the dislike bots. (like so he can see) 
1 attempt, feels more like 7-8 star, but very fun nonetheless! GG :)
Hope you enjoy!
Like si eres una buena persona :3
Absolutely incredible. probably your best so far, well done!
Dislike bots just suck
some transitions could be better but nice lvl tho
sadly cant get daily
very easy 9 stars...
90 likes and featured?
featured 114 downloads 14 likes
unzor vibes
Ayy Cartoon style like unzor, I like it :D
that's what she said...
note - never spam jump shen you reach 17%
Pretty decent; a little empty towards the end, but not too bad
description describes my wiener
Don't wanna hear that at 3am :/
best modern level I've seen in a while
unlike yo mama
clean level. nice work
why am i the way i am
like if here before daily
h
amazing job
hehe funny number 
Perfect atmosphere, clean gameplay and design c:
Awesome!
smol
oh my wod
oh my god
GG! 36 attempts :)
Renn241 is probably one of my favourite creators of recent times and to see how far hes gone isgreat
this is either a timing level or I'm just incredible at memory gameplay lmao
Is this where the "Oh it hurts" part of the song title comes from?
GG!  i had a lot of fun with this level :D
GG! #1999
MY FIRST HARD DEMON GG!
such a fun memory level :)
certified banger level
please keep dropping demons renn this level is awesome
I cant take this seriously when the level sounds like a sick horse
really really good
448 att. Beat with 2 super idols, 2 rickrolls, speed screaming, and KA KA KA KA in the background.
Free Icons Hack
GG! :)
Never heard this part of the song before xD
My head hurt from so much memory. GG, 518 att!
pog
VERIFIED! BOOK BOOK BOOK!!!!!!!!!!!
sent
100 Likes and I will make this a free Demon using Mind Control.
i love sex
i hope the packers win the super bowl
RATED LFG
munce
Wait this isnt the first level of the time gauntlet..
man
OK, its cool! petition for rate ------------------>
solo queria 4 orbes para el quest xd
this is one of my favorite extremes ever but GOD para's part sucks
just random spamming and get this, lol
2% gang smh
99% en 2789 att no quiero volver a vivir
I HATE THIS LEVEL SO MUC OMG THIS SO BAD
QUE PROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
gosh 31% 60hz bug
Tiny demons, anyone?
flukeeee from 63%
If you're king, may I be the queen?
piking
Easy demon in my opinion
i am great.
Easy demon!
GG! #1998
Hi Feeto, I'm MRT
Yeeeees,mi 2do mediun demon. *lo nerfean al dia siguiente :v
fluke from 0% 
GG 161 ATT :)
siempre pierdo en el 83 de porcentaje :(
hi king, I am dad
fluked from 14% :)
super fun memory gameplay. gg :)
GG! :) 69 Attempts! Fun level!
no I'm king
(also, I am literally King)
GG! :)
28 atts for a medium demon? Fluke from 21% lmao
420 **** YOU
sorry if the sync is bad im losing my hearing :(
i read the title as Im Glad Me Wet
imagine dislike botting 
i mean its still featured somebody dislike botted it like it would change that, imagine lmfao
design looks okay its just the gameplay overall making the level less enjoyable
dope level, tad bit repetitive in parts but its very clean overall
I'm sad me wet
bro this is amazing, strange and i dont know.. GG
why hate?
The gameplay is way too confusing
bruh why all the dislikes this level is straight fire
glad this got featured. happy and excited to work with you on collabs :) great work man o/
The gameplay is only bad in the very beginning. The rest is good
wow this comment section sucks shit
thank you guys for liking it again you guys are awesome
naw i gotta delete the comment they bugging
like this leveeeeel don't dislike
cant see shit
cool, but messy and gameplay is a little weird
GG! :)
Fun level, sent :)
COINS 1: fall at 6%, hit invis dash orb 2: take bottom path at 14%, hit only three orbs 3: bottom73%
somone likes  click sync a bit too much lmao
SO COOL
fun level gg :trol:
good deco but gameplay sucks
The spider gameplay is atrocious on mobile at least
t
god that first coin
Fun level and interesting coins :)
now i get my easy likes for posting the coins
I love this gameplay
I hate this because its not an easy demon
Wave was fun tho , cool designs
great level!!
I didn't like the spider part that much but this level was still fun.
i know what the next daily is gonna be
For the second coin, taking the bottom path is optional. Just don't click the black orb at 16%
the first coin is SO HARD
GG all coins, que le jodan a la primera coin, que fea es.
Like if you want 11 days of no school
Dislike bots are the single most cause of sadness and should be removed. :/
This is an improved, optimized and nerfed version of the original level that was a demon. Hope u like it
Awesome transitions bro
woow this level is demon
okay-ish design but trash gameplay
This is why you don't let 4 year olds playtest your levels. You get buggy trash like this
Wow!
Dear dislike botter, real people put real effort into these levels. If you don't stop, then quit.
There is more timing in this insane level than in most of EZ demons lol
the gameplay is still as unsightreadable and buggy as it was previously
For the last time, I am not cryptocurrency
Good deco but the gameplay and transitions are really hard to sightread. It isnt enjoyable at all..
If you find any bug or have suggestions to make the level more enjoyable please DM my Discord. Krisz#2019
i found this on magic and now its rated
lenny
Should be an easy demon tbh. Still fun noneothertheless.
36210 stars haha !!!!!!! funny number
yo finally its must be an  easy demon 613 att :/
hi guys, just to let you know, you press the play button to play a levle
This level made history in the entire gdph, literally the best looking level in the philippines
That's looks fantastic! Like if ValkyrieMaster is underrated creator!
yay 50+ cp
The gameplay could improve a bit, but I like the deco
Holy Bloom
GG! :)
holy f*ck rob what does it take to get an epic these days?
pass : 138745
aguy!!
Tangina tinigasan ako sa sobrang ganda.
GG! #2055
this looks awesome
aguy hinde rated.Joke lang
GG! Gameplay and deco are wonderful
These better not be from the demon system
legendary design, but even with ldm i can not read the gameplay
this is so hard to read
Who else is here before feature?
thought this was gonna be way more annoying, thank god it was good
gameplay was very iffy, but deco was nice
the guy below me loves amongus sex
one of the best demons ive ever played in terms of gameplay. i love this!!
wtf is that endscreen
made by  hinds, the style might not be the best, but please understand that the purpose 
mussum backwards is mussum
GG! :)
that endscreen is the definiton of masterpiece
like if you hate covid19
Cacildis
the endscreen, absolute masterpiece lmao
fun fact: the level backwards is mussum
g
 of the level is not to be extremely good in quality 
Bro, this is the most fun in this game ive had in years. Beaten in less than 2k attempts. rip 1k  :(
its funny how some people love and other hate this lmfao
honestly the most fun ive been having with an insane demon
this level is genuinely incredible. Amazing job dudes
That endscreen scared me at first ngl lmao
i prefer the original over this, despite this being good i still love firewall more cos its better
i love Firewall, excited to try this!
God i found a secret way and so many bug's lol
this is so sick
gameplay could use some work but I dig the style you went for
Great level, GG! :)
I did have fun, thank you
spray your level with some raid anti bug spray
There are more secret ways in this level than I can even count.
stunning
THIUS IS SO GOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
yeahh new catto level
lahna rhoades
GG! 30 attempts, very interesting gameplay :)
duuude
Dumb wave. So f**king glad I fluked from 34%. GG both coins.
GG! :) 89 Attempts! Fun level!
secret way parched :(
so many bugs and swag routes lol
GG +2coins
I accidently exited the level at 83%. Nice job.
Too hard for me to beat (not beating hard levels now, only map packs) but this level is masterpiece
Experimenral creators trying to find a way to include eyes in every level
You've got to see this @robtop...
transcendence beyond the terrible school system
GG! 2 attempts (fluked from 7%) and 1100 demons!
bro 75 atts easy demon defo but ill take the free medium tbh
29 attempts. #1616
maria judith
this is easy demon
fun fact: you can like this comment
GG 51 att free mediem demon! :)
is it just me or are demons getting easier
78 atts GG! :) easy demon ?
127,000 stars! This number feels pretty big now, 130k soon :))
GG! 5 attempts :)
please dont like..
ploobie approved
fluke from 67
based song
Amazing level, GG! :)
ggs 67 att
me dying to my own gameplay
Great, some gameplay could be better but in general this is enjoyable :)
not bad
Great level PAHC!! Could maybe have more design on some parts but that's honestly pretty great! :)
should've gotten epic imo. really clean and fun
@guezo yea it's bc it's for me haha i specifically requested it
pop off bestie
great level, fun to play too
found a rated level in the recent tab
To all creators: stop adding invisible blocks under the player after a pad jump.
nice level though it kinda feels like a demon
so many non-solid blocks, so many gaps to break the level, so many parts you can phase through..
If you check the original button, the original author of this layout said Don't Decorate this ;-;
is a good level
why would you do that
GG 108,000 Stars! <3
has to be my favorite insane level
Great :)
each like is each person who hates that first transition
i turned, what now?
im actually so happy rn thanks rob it means a lot :)
Yoooo, Im glad to finally see this out! Thank you so much for letting me playtest this, dude! :D
and of course mrbazinga for making the layout :)
congrats!!! i was just playing this before the rate, awesome level :)
Gameplay sucks
btw forgot to say earlier but the pass is 795497
This level is amazing and thank you so much for letting me playtest! :D
bad gameplay? nah it's pretty neat
im blown away.
take your before rate ticket here - - - - - - - - - >
not much of a fan of the gp but the deco is pretty cool. feature worthy for me. nice job!
nice job! Youre improving a lot dude
yoo first feature thanks so much rob
this gameplay sucks and getting the coins made it even worse
FEATURED YESS :D
This gameplay is questionable
WHY DOES MY COMMENT HAVE MORE LIKES THAN SUPERME'S PLS LIKE HIS NOT MINE
like this rate-->
LETS GO SUPER
10000 stars finally!!!
why are you removing negative comments? scared of knowing the truth? this level is bad and people saying it's good are just taking pity of you☆
like if im rly gay
dislikes may come, but the sauce remains hotter than ever.
not a fan of the gp that disappears when you tap orbs but this is nice !! thanks for showing :))
your recent uploads have been so nice
i have no idea why are people disliking this level, it's good.
make a level called robtop eats water
If you want to dislike a braedon level, this is the wrong one
the gameplay? hot. the music? hotttt. the sauce?!! mama mia
If you're worried about croc getting features and getting top 1 creator, get a life
What even is this? I had a stroke playing this lmao
This is SO FUN
featured dislike level??? Never seen that
Really cool level amd intereting yet fun gameplay. Remove as many comments as you want its your lvl
lmao
why u say its a bad level? its really nice, u guys probably dont know how to make proper feedback.
really fun
when an inactive account suddenly becomes active just to get their hate comment top comment
it sersiously feels like creators are undervalued and disrespected at times
why dislike this level?
Amazing level! Thanks for letting me verify this. Had tons of fun!
Pretty nice :)
gg
gg 3rd legit victor i guess c:
GG!! First Chinese victor i guess?
i got 96 five hours ago and still havent beaten this help
2% gang
like si soy gay
neat
watch komi san
holy shit ainogeyaukaugskatsu is rated! lets gooo
definitely top 20 idl or one of the easiest extremes
LETS GOOOOO MY FIRST EXTREME >:DDD
new top 300
why did i choke it like that i literally stopped when theres still gameplay
me when I read the name of the level : aninokiestusatkesute
My first extreme, this is the best level in the game :)
go stupid
gg
creator name:TheBlackHell. level: anime,anime song,love,hearts
claim your "here before rate" ticket here -->
GG, very fun to play! :)
Why are medium demons getting easier than easy demons
Color club!
Hope u will like it guys :)
Dope AF
GG with 30fps :(
like if from neXus :)
very inconsistent in terms of deco but looks and plays super well for the most part :)
awesome level bro, it must get epic rate :3
Only Liu's part surprised me...
this is epic worthy imo.. 
Its rated GG!!!!
even the if you turn on the LDM Its still laggy XD
this doesnt sound like an egg
pretty fun
#82, 43 attempts, That was a lot more fun than I thought it would be! ^^
ROBTOP, RATE THIS MASTERPIECE
YESSSSSSS GG 968 ATT
insane :0
im going to sleep
jesus, imagine creating a whole featured level just because you couldn't sleep a few extra hours lol
zasnolem
Clear!! Yes!
1 att
Me likee
Jompadodle
watch komps twitch channel at twitch.tv/kompadoodle
GG
relatable song name + cool level
i love kompadoodle
super chill level gg
relaxing lvl gg
GG :))
gg
bwompadoodle
interesting song choice
GG!
gg
gg 5000 stars
dislike bot is fatherless
Muy bonnnito
what is with featured levels being disliked today?
fight the dislike bots!!!
welcome to dislike bot hate club
why is this disliked?? this level is amazing, it doesnt deserve all of this hate
Here before feature xD
Bruh disliked ?
Who keeps disliking recently rated levels?
Some areas can be better executed, but I like what you got goin here
begone dislikes! this level dont deserve it!
a bubble?!? HECK YEAH!
YOU ARE GROUNDED GROUNDED GROUNDED GROUNDED GROUNDED GROUNDED GROUNDED GROUNDED FOR 987654321 YEARS!
was this dislike botted??
coin 1: bottom of 14
YOOOO KURZGESAGT BIRD!
dislike bot?
Why the dislikes this's really cool m8s
Who is dislike bot?
OHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOH DISLIKE BOTS! HOW DARE YOU DISLIKE SUCH A GREAT AND FUN LEVEL! THAT IS SO IT!
i've been lied to
My best glow level.
coin: top of 63 (its invis and directly to the right of the top slope)
Sick! Some transitions are a little too fast but solid level overall :D
i have a part so it is automatically an EPIC level.
That was so fun building! GG for finishing and have Fun playing!
Its a bit all over the place because styles dont match, but every style is very good tho
a modern collab by llj? HELLA DOPE.
GG GUYS WE DID IT
like
part by erquillo is trash dont hate me
nice
I M A G I N E                                      the word                      (imagine)
yeah some parts are way better than the others but not bad
The deco in this really good, I have no idea why this isnt rated
good :)
the spider part :/
imagine doing blind transitions
The hell is this transition my guy
cool deco but yikes these transitions need a lot of polish
Good level, sent :)
Awesome job! :) Send to mods.
congrats on epic
WHAT THE HECK SECOND EPIC
26 atts, fluke from 34! Love this so much, good luck in next epic Jo
my dual part its prety,btw thanks joey for inviting me to make this awesome thing
epiiiic ? :)
level called timb bomb only has bombs in one part :/
Really good stuff and Fun Gameplay Epic?
when you die at 25% and have an explosion death effect...
how is it that i can beat insanes without practice but have to practice some 6 stars-
0% Ez
wentex keep crying bozo
holyyyy
First time seeing someone making a timer themed level. Very well done!
spider fixed ! sorry 
8 attempts! What a crazy fluke, looks amazing.
i like
:)
ggs :p very fun
decent but feels like an old level that didnt exactly age too well
10-10 transition
Congratulations on your first "featured"! <3
please please please work on your gameplay in the future, otherwise this ain't too bad
an amazing transition right here
gggggg
Oh Gawd
COIN: 5%
the fact zaremba is in this collab makes this so funny
GG! :)
GG!! Nice Deco, Bad Gameplay :(
THANK YOU ROBTOP!!!
this is a definition of unreadable gameplay
GG! 1 coin
bad transition
. . .
GG with coin :)
GG 1 coin
gg on first cp
gg :)
Secret way. GG! :)
You cant exactly say its your first insane if you used the secret way.
15 likes and I eat a lego brick
All secret way records removed from the LB
if u beat some insane / extreme demon with secret way thats not ur best hardest
I love this themed lvls
GG! :)
Dont say gg or new hardest if you used the secret way lol stop being cringe
VERIFIED by ME))))))))))))))))))) Ya louskil kritoy
Guys! Secret Way is Moved to 98%, For to 98% if want Secret Way then you can now beat it
hard demon, or easy-insane demon
to copy level code is 005555
completed without secret way! 927 attempts
dont hate the player, hate the game. . . 
gonna beat this because its fun
I really like the deco, it's amazing, but the transitions are kind of bad
POV: You beat it before the secret way was patched
GG! 231 attempts, done without SW, decently fun but gameplay is unpolished in a few places :(
Guys, still complaining about the secret way pached? how dare you?
yay it got patched
The gameplay is not good at all
Had a few issues with the gameplay, but otherwise this is great!!!
Dude ban the top comment botter
Pass is *001980* pls like
Gamplay is ass
:fire:
I absolutely love this!
YOOOO I LOVE IT :D Transitions, design, story, everything is so clean! Magic tab is on fire today
the deco gets better as the gameplay gets worse tbh
secret way at ~80%, if you just press the black orb in the ship you can skip the ending
i wanna see this rated           now
ABDUCT ME
I think I found gold recent level that will be in featured
This is super hype, love the sync!
not a huge fan of the gameplay but visually this is phenomenal, love it!
Very good level, GG! :)
GG! :) 211 Attempts (On Phone)! There is sw at 56%, it won't skip coins! 41500 User Coins! Fun lvl!
Pass is 001980! Like so people can know!
Awesome!!
HYYPE
Cool to see your style getting cleaner over time
BRO dont dislike this >:(
y is there so much dislikes :c
xd meme song? :0
This should be a Demon
coca cola speuma dddd
... Ok, FEATURED!!
Dios que asco de timings
how to summon mods here?
demon
could be an easy demon or i just suck
the timings are too ridiculous
i  c a n t   f v c k i n g   s e e
gg guys i think this is easy demon. No?
BAN DISLIKE BOT!
never thought i'd hear this song in gd, and now that i do, I LOVE EVERY SINGLE SECOND OF IT!!!
this level is a pain, theres so many bugs
This level demon minimal not insane
Feature 9 stars
Dislike bot is garbage
Awesome!
like if come before rated
Great level, unfortunately I am in your house
neat and clean level GG :)
9th day of waiting
littl update of colours (better now?)
there is too much comments so no one will know i'm gay
gg 6 attempts reject modernity, return to monke
Awesome!
very chill, didn't know you were that good
why
Nice level, 1st coin is rly hard, lol
i love when glow creators try modern, great work Andrix :)
kinda bland, but overall not too bad
Not bad, sent :)
bonana
pretty cool, would be neat if the first coin would be more visible once you get all the collectibles
 blin,o4enb daje kryto vbLglyadit.Dostatochno originalno sofmeshatb EffectbL iz glow stil s modern)
ANDRIX WHAT THE HELL ! ITS EPIC
Im LoSiNg CoNtRoL!!
a little bit laggy , should be more optimized. Sent !
garbage gameplay
First time in years I have enjoyed a space styled level, really really wish it was just a bit longer.
Ways are too sudden and please don't cover those orbs with light.
What was that UFO? I like the deco though, it is really good.
ufo gameplay is really buggy
Here before rob rates, great level! :D 
Gp kinda meh, but the design makes up for it
you get the first coin by pressing the first green orb in the spider super late :)
garbage gameplay
horrid gameplay and why is it so dark
el nivel esta cool pero mi pc no le aguanta :,v
despite it being super unreadable it looks stunning
its nice to see people get better at building as time goes on!
the blocks look hard to see this is a demon
please make an option to change the orbs
this gameplay is that of a poorly nerfed medium demon
Amazing deco 8* Hope you ge feature!
mid level
gp is not good
Screw the dislike bots
Insane that this will be your first rate, super clean and fun stuff here. Hope to see more from you soon :)
It feels bad first rate getting dislike botted. thats sad
Passcode is 230828, thank me later.
bro
Impressive for a new creator, I love these designs. I expect much from you in the future!
Fun level, GG! :)
pov: sombody just got their first cp and you want to ruin their hard work by dislike botting them.
finally a demon with this song
cool :)
THIS GAMEPLAY SI TEATJS TOIAYSHPOTIESHAPOTIASHT
Really enjoyable :)!
dislike bot attack I see
uldm please
dislike bot...
GG! 10 attempts :)
why are there so many dislikes? This levels awesome!
if you encounter a bug, please message me so that i can fix it : ) 
facil pero me da lag xD
This level doesn't even have 100 likes but it managed to get featured, that's something quite rare.
banger
some of the best atmosphere i have seen
and today i ate spicy chicken wings
Somebody better tell me right frickin now if everything is near or far. It can't be both!!!
what is this level :thinking:
rob not giving epic to anything it seems
I love you <3
best atmospheric level imo. 2022 just started and youre already poppin off :)
pretty interesting
Um Idk how but I just beat it in 1 attempt, that was the most stresfull attempt that I ever had 
everything is going to be okay
dont dislike because you died on an XL, Just enjoy the ride
i died because i fell asleep
On another note tho, the unsettling, yet comforting atmosphere is just insane; feels like a journey!
woah, what an experience, true geometry dash art
Thank god I did it in one attempt. Too long
Cool level! Only I did not understand how much and what I spent time
10fps
1 att gg, that mini ship part was painful
can't believe i didn't fall asleep during this
BrainETR is pretty bad at creating bad levels
really wish that ending wasn't so long but otherwise this is dope
Why are so many of BrainETR's levels going unrated?
yooo it got rated lets go!!
Bro is the most underatted creator in the whole game
@Geodory Not true, there are many creators who have may less cp than me who are way better
JUNGEL :D
BreainETR. You are literally the best creator ever. How do you build all this stuff so quickly?
Thanks for adding me in dedications :) I love this level a lot
Please never stop creating. I love ur levels so much man. Keep it up!
Do u have backup bug spray, i lost mine
GG! :) 12 Attempts! 41300 User Coins!
rob, rate this or i will rob you rob ;)
@Geometrydashxme Ita already been played and sent by 5 mods as of today
@Spamwas Yeah I know Vilms, GG to him for winning best bossfight
like if you beat this before feature
i played the whole thing in practice its awesome
@dreadwalk Eye no, rite?
I forgot bug spray
Also, its only 20k objects
THANK ALL OF YOU <3
THIS IS SO GOOD
I love this, should have gotten epic imo. You have so much potential :0
poggers level
this is sick
LET'S GOOOOOOO!!!!!!!
awesome :))
me when i change my username from RaymesisGD to Liquidmotion01 for a week to screw with people :tf:
Thank you for the dedication <3
Proud of you Ray
gg 5 attempts
I love you.. no im talking to the level
i love you too <3
if you miss the bkue orb at 11% you get a secrect lol
Thanks for the creds :)
This is so underrated
gg
BEST level RGB, GG
gg
i love you 2 
Thank you for letting me build my part in this :DDDD
Thanks for letting me verify, your level is great:D
just bc saturn verified it doesnt = its bad, i take all blaim for any problems in this level
10 likes and I won't do absolutely nothing
my car
cinny wtff
hair
wait until the people with 100% on leaderboard find out it makes you collect the coin at the end lol
you didnt beat it nerdcity U aint foolin anybody
mr incredible becoming cinny (meme)
aiwa this is hard but in 400 attemps i got it lol 
Sayori
this is good shit man
looks like gonna be the top 100 extreme demon
holy this is definently extreme lol
the inny bun
I love cinny
GG NICE LEVEL
cinny 
hair
2.2 is coming out on febuary 22 2022
WHAT!!!!!!!!!!!!! THANKS SO MUCH ROB!!!!!!!!
Pretty fun, sent :)
where is RobTop's comment?
Chill gameplay, no confusing decorations or blind parts AND well placed coins? Yes!
Nice gameplay
Robtop is industry baby
congrats on completing the game
nice lvl
robtop's office be like
notice the name of the song is garbage truck
the gameplay is awesome
Nice job! I can't believe you finally got cp lmao
coolio ;)
really cool :)
Rate
Ask RobTop indeatrses when 2.2 comes out! them: S O O N
13k stars
MRspaghetti OwO
good work
here before nexus ticket                           ---->
some timings were a bit annoying but overall this was rather enjoyable, good job :)
GG! :)
GG <3
83 attempts. #1603
challenge: see literally any timing in this level
1 att after practice mode...
this feels like it was extreme that was nerfed to medium demon
YOOOO
sick looking level wasted on wack gameplay 
I didn't like the gameplay :(
super fun, intuitive gameplay!
damn that was ass
GG! :) 98 Attempts! I had quite a bit of lag, but it was cool! Very fun level!
GG! 47 attempts :)
189 attempts in practice mode gg
gg
Amazing job!
verry good lvl should get rated
GG ;) 132 Attempts ;)
1.9 epic rating levels be like:
Awesome level, sent :)
Fun!!
107 attempts. #1602
oh yeah this made me smile
palle
GG, I like this style a lot, gameplay could maybe be improved in some parts though
one of the most fun demons in a while, i love how authentic it feels to old gameplay styles :)
is very beatuful
nice
thank you :)
thanks Wod for hosting this cc im seeing so many banger levels for it aaaaa
33 attempts, nice gameplay
GG ;) 79 Attempts ;)
Fun level, GG! :)
1.9 levels be like:
Ich werde dich heimsuchen du scheiss Lappen du wirst es bereuen diese Level gebaut zu haben sei gewa
GG! Amazing level :)
did this before the rate GG :^)
g
only featured :sob:
no epic?
Very creative 8)
very creative theming
just one thing dont give zoid mod
give us moooooooods we havent had any for 3 months lol
interesting gp
amazing and unique level !
very well executed!
:')
IS THAT A SUPRA?
click
epic
Where did the epic rating go? This is so creative
Awesome job!
Swaggy
GG, this level was super fun to play and I loved the concept of it. The coins were very fun as well.
deserves epic imo
Amazing <33
Nice one, sent :)
When you're so fed up with 2.2 not releasing that you recreate the whole thing ahead of time
robtop's standards for epic are so unbalanced
claim your, before nexus ticket here     ->>>>>
please claim you here before rate ticket_______>
GG, the alternate paths with the train were pretty hard to figure out, but very impressive to see :)
very cool
rob where the hell is the epic
138 attempts. #1604. top route is op
password is 727727 pls like :)
HOW IS THIS NOT EPIC WHAT
nEAT
I legit thought 2.2 came out for a sec
:o
GG! :)
Amazing level, GG! :)
petition for epic --->
Petition to marry zidane24 please
this will be the next weekly if it gets rated. This is amazing
HOW IS THIS NOT EPIC
Horneet, when are you done with 2.2? 
Licensed to Impossible Level List
eeujdkwkwlw  - aann wna   w a __ anq-7-7-&-&-Iajajaia  NAKka  N eeEEE OOO EEE OOO EEE OO kakiwj (mic
Fun fact: I finished this level on an airplane, which is somewhat fitting to the title
who tf keeps on voting medium demon
banger
first spider is really annoying but still rest fun
version 3: removed a bacterial strain, 2 dogs, and an half eaten bar of soap
my 2nd meduim demon?
im deleting any advertising or like if comments
GG! :)
this level has waaaaay too many fakes
Fluke from 6%, nice. This was SO DANG ENJOYABLE! Very simple medium demon. 41 attempts, GG! :D
lemm
Bro the first spider takes me like 1/3 of all of the practice attempts when i am doing part runs lol
"so i threw it on the ground"
i have a license to grill.
vote easy demon or i will
love the energy @umbraleviathanGeometryDashOfficialCertifiedCopyrighted2014!
people are really divisive over gp
good level but the gameplay is unbalanced
based advyout supporter
A bit confusing but clean level :)
thanks for using my song :)
#advyout
the decoration quality falls a bit towards the end, but great level nonetheless! pretty fun too :)
foc means fire in romanian
La pizza es deliciosa
fock
also dedicated to nico99 btw
what the fish                                                                  I:
Focus
how do you pronounce the name?
YOOO
the most enjoyable easy level i played in a while
Pass: 888882
satisfying, but the end is so rushed
Good job on making this!! :)
gg
sheeshhh i love this
Coin 1: 34% (Don't touch the blue portal at 26%) Coin 2: 53% (wave slide) Coin 3: free at the end
2022
all coins : 1)hold at the start 2)tap twice at 26% as the ball 3)invisible orb at 91%
2022
2022
nice :3
the end actually scared me so bad
Nice
dudeeee this is so f*cking awesome
GG! I got 1,000 user coins
:'3 
its a russian flag in start bg 
Gg =Goodgame
yep, restart
i got 6969th like and i dont give two shits that you didnt ask
Muy bueno:)
hold at the start for a free coin :)
beatiful level
gg
gg
awsome
Gumshot likes this level
Except robot bug, I love this lvl
Sweet :D
This level is a great treat to find on my own recent tab
gg, rate harder 6 :)
:DDD ~~
be happwey :)
my father went to buy milk :|
Wow those end orb timings are awful
woowy! good level
Fun coins
GG cool level! :)
joamama
:U
fun
gg 1 coin :)
kinda reminds me of skitten, really clean tho i wished it didnt lag that much on the ship for me
gg
is this nightcore. i dontm like nightcore
:'#
IS THAT A JOJ-
Awesome :)
Dreams unheard...
the level is a stand
Jojo reference?
JOJO REFERENCE??!?!!?
Is that a jojo reference?
does completing this level counts as pursuing "him"?
is that a jojo reference?
YES tysm Rob!!!
jojo refrence 
this song is just bizarre
wonder of uuuu
omg god jojo reference !!!!!!!!!!!!!
pretty cool :D
Suprise :D
jojo fans on their way to ruin a comment section
endless calamity
i dont remember ever downloading this song
should be rated
Neat modern-styled level!
RobTop if you don't make this level the next daily I will seriously question my existence.
First coin: Get the keys at 5%, 7% and 11%. Second coin: Tap the orb at 76%. Third: Get a key at 95%
could definitely use some improvement as well as fixing some skips, but its not too bad overall
dividenick deine ip ist 193.39.19.219
Speed, fun and great
Update 2: Fixed some Bugs in the level!
ITS RATED!!!!
BANGERRRRRRRRRRR
the 2nd ufo and the following upside down wave were damn annoying. other  parts were ok tho
Super fluid and fun gameplay! Great modern-style decoration as well, this should've gotten epic
Good gameplay!
i cant finish it there is a bug lamo
maybe
Kinda hard to read in some parts but really cool
Easily your best level, thanks for dedication!
MAKE THIS DAILY SJIDJ2VYKHDNSXI
de las mejores canciones de GD :D
retirement homes in 50 yrs are just going to be people waiting for 2.2 to come out
eyyy featured lets goooo
The train part is really fun :D
Rob if youre reading this you should remove the demon rating system :)
coin:  jump at the "nom" note at the start, then at 17% look for the jump orb above you
nemsy has 26 dailies, i counted yesterdya because he robbed the daily from me
I felt second half slightly decayed in quality, but it's still pretty nice.
also nice death lol
GG i thought i was gonna die to the end
a pretty tricky coin route over there, Good Job comi!
slightly inconsistent, but overall i really enjoyed it!
<cr>fish.</cr>
lol 1 att.
Good stuff!
What if we named the fish Fishy :)
GG! With coin & 1.8k stars :D
Cool
gg
F.I.S.H
16 att :|
GG! :)
daniel fish jr
astaga  nama level nya anda iblis padahal kita semua bukan iblis
why is the first ship like insane demon difficulty and the rest is medium demon wtf
Not bad, but there is a wrong order of quantity of parts. There are more of them in bd than in air
THANK YOU ROBTOP
lu setan
low hard demon
saya goblok
definitely a hard demon
GG! :)
hard
sekil isu
saya manusia
imagine hearing the mlg can can while opening this, lmao
gwejh rehan wangsaff
gw sih raja iblis
aku manusia
GG! 28 attempts :)
minta sedot dosa dulu sana
gua bukan iblis bang tapi iblis hunter B)
medium demon??
You absolutely nailed the theme I was going for with this, thank you so much for decorating it!
This is amazing bro, hope this rated soon!
thanks for telling me how to jump, i had no clue how to untill now.
WTF Insane Demon - Hard Demon - Medium Demon? :O
GG. pretty learny but very consistent so i think just hard demon
I GIVE UP SCREW THIS LEVEL
If youll upload the video with the level, dont forget to credit TheNamesSnek!!! Thank you :P
Finally! My heart can rest now
Fire stuff
Not bad.
GG! :) 115 attempts. #1359
I like this old level!
no this is a hard demon
although got kinda unlucky    still pretty fun lvl
not that hard just so learny
#248 GG! 102 attempts, Not bad.
lol this was insane demon 
the most fun thing ive played so far
i can
died at 97 twice lol : )
I found a secret way at 99%
like for free color '~'
Felicidades panita
Thanks for all, i love u guys
AceVict - AlvaroRH99 - AceVict and me - Kenshii - Trudee - Retropt - Aleiz21 - Me | Layout by Peter.
Thank you for using my remix! :D
Legend.
if you died at 98%. Then leave a like, lets see how many died at the last input :D
whaaaaaaaat, thanks rob <333
congrats on 100 cp! :)
Nice one, sent :)
zoophilia is unacceptable
el mineber
Pop off
lyrics in GD are weird
i love it when pop songs are in gd.
the level is nearly my name
Like if Ur Ugly
Love the music and gameplay :)*.
 
eu verifiquei eu ri me de seu like agr
Interesting :)
eu ri muito
Awesome movements! :)
as maiores risadas do brasil
te declaro don comedia
e muito humor nesse zap zap
gosto
 like if you think its medium demon
GG! :)
eu ri dms 
O level tem otimos block design e tals. Mas a gameplay e as transicoes sao um pouco irritantes
Lindo!
dessa eu ri msm
bolo de aniversario do nixie 
The game decided to let me die here
medium demon?
GG! 27 attempts :)
meu mobile nao riu
Password: 125678 like?
This transition is less readable than Minecraft Enchantment language
I love how all the saws are just like ._. and the trees just look concerned XD
wtf is a "female"
robtop is blind for epic levels like this :(
bro there no grapes nowhere
coins: coin1: hit the box at 4% ,coin 2: fly down at 54%
Nice!l good job;)
Solid
This comment has to get 155 likes exactly, i cant really explain but it just does
good one sent :)
I'll place a bet on bunch's Demon, though.
Ah yeah, the bots.
First victor btw really fun gameplay and cool design. Lets all hope for daily
she got a big booty so i call her big booty
wheelchair football is just rocket league
whybdont humans just lay the eggs instead without fertilizing them we could make infinite omelets
O R A N G E  (=
Why do so many People have "esm" In front of theyre name??? It makes u ugly ._. XD
awesome, love this type of modern ;)
HELP HOW TO CHANGE USERNAME
that dual wave concept is super cool
How original can a person be? Here's the answer, NICE LEVEEEL
lvl concept looks interesting!
Very nice wave idea. Never seen that before!
Like for Belastet :^D . GG 7 attempts
nice one m8
Pretty cool, sent :)
I did not expect the wave part, it's quite original :)
GG! cool dual wave :)
Double wave gamemode, Holy snitzles
WAVE PART ANNOYING AND EPIC
made in 5 hours and still manages to be one of your best levels lol
Epic wave!!
doppelt is german and means double
Thanks for dedication!! omgg <3
cool level !
double wave mini and regular wow
dual wave is hella cool
The duel wave is incredible. This needs to be done more!
Why have i never seen a wave and mini wave dual before? :O
Like this comment if your seeing it
Stop calling the creator out for stealing, I gave him permission to use the designs. Sick level :)
Not bad, sent :)
It is an easier kind of version of retrospective but with a little twist, Splank224 was okay with it
Like this comment if you dont want to like this comment.
Thanks you so much rob!
This deserves to be rated, this level is pretty cool
COINS: 1- Mini coin (11%). 2- Skip dash orb (60%). 3- Touch trigger before yellow portal (80%, ufo)
like this comment if you have geometry dash installed
Decided to play Retrospective again and yeah this is pretty different, so id likentknsee this rated
great gameplay
Oh shoot, the like if comments o_0
ayyyyy lets gooo congrats on reaching 10 cps man
Ayy congrats on hitting that 10cp milestone my man, well deserved dub :)
Youve gone too far with the unnamed levels man.
Skipping the speed is fixed :)
stolen from the retrospective
69 fun hahahaha
:)
gg nice title
The difficulty is highly unbalanced but yeah, sick level :)
Take your before feature ticket ------------------>
from this point on the level is much harder than before
hee hee hee ha. grr. hee hee hee ha. grr.
0%-60% hard 5 65%-100% HARD DEMON
This is cool, but very unbalanced gameplay!
grrgrr
gg 26 attempts
Pass is 992280 if u wanted to know
GG! :)
nobody cares if nobody cares if before feature
How are those Here-before-feature comments still a thing
I think you need more playtesters
Wav's levels is very cool and beautiful.I liked this level!This level should be fuatured
so, um.... i was wondering if costco sells rope?
i have a mental image of this getting featured
71 attempts. #1618
26# en el top 200
the first 20% is the same difficulty as a 6 star
#309 some of the most unbalanced gameplay ive ever seen, pretty fun gameplay and good deco tho. 42 atts
why not epic?
Great job.
what a masterpiece
That was such an awesome experience <3
Epic
pass is 6360   bruuuh i love EDM
yet another level scammed of epic :( amazing level
i think this is medium demon
Insane :0
FEATURE WORTHY AMAZING LEVEL
INCRIVEL!!! s n consegui jogar pq laga mt faz ta noice! :D
great lvl
intense!
Big thanks to Endevvor, Hugo, Devin, Guse, Ashkar, Nar, dream and everyone who enjoyed this lvl :)
robtop needs to come back and give this level epic, like if agree ->
my best gameplay level  8)
rip epix xdd
coolio
pretty nice!
huh how does it lag on pc but not on mobile
Mu bueno
why would anyone choose this song for a level
Looks nice, too easy for demon though imo
Tantos idiomas y decidiste hablar con la mentira
RobTop: This is a demon. Me: Why you lying
Why You Always Lying????
cool but wtf is this song
Ese pibe esta mintiendo
this was literally free
La sync es magnifica hermano, muy divertido de jugar. Como siempre sorprendiendome :0
super cool
Saquenme de latinoamerica porfavor
The biggest lie in this level is the medium demon rating
since when did the 8* insane difficulty face start looking like that?
Im here from Kaiguy :/
thanks for a basically free demon
Fun
like si vienes de tostadora gameplays
Tambien  mentiste con la dificultad :sog:
really cool :)
before feature ticket ----------->
This guy really said "Fine, ill do it by myself" to Xender Game
Imagine showing this to a 2013 player
the only difficult part in this level is not getting distracted by how good this looks
Fantastic, you did an amazing job here.
White Space vibes
If this doesnt get epic in less than 24 hours, im coming to RobTops house and stealing his kidneys.
Man, this must be the first nominee of the 2022 awards
bro the ldm does nothing
I planned to beat the level, but damn, im leaving my percentage how it is.
firs
amazing work royal :)
I just tested posotive for covid :(
Awesome! Sent :)
Xender Game are you? Lovely level reminds me of White Space GG! :3
i know
no
Bene
If White Space was RoyalP version
GG 60 attempts! Hella fun!
rob how do you receive mod sends? like newest to oldest or by most sends?
the last part is a literal joke, totally ruins the level
Coin: key at 5%, coin at 61%
i dont like this sorry :/
Nice
gg
WHEN THE ICON IS YOU
collab again? 
featured level with 62 downloads and 13 likes wow
cool sent :)
Im not ok
im not 5k
Im ok, im not alcoholic
the bg att the start is me wtf
the ending is very janky
GG! :)
hey look its me
gg
Nice :D
bro made me in his level :0
Like for feature                                                here
and yes split is cute @ 3%
Really good level!! The people who complain about a furry drawing really need to touch some grass<3
Split your my favourite creator. I love you soo much!!!
split is cute :3
I DIDNT EXPECT THAT THANK YOu
Geoxor Lucid Dreams! ^w^
noo un furro ;v
muchas entrucuturas reetidas en otros de tus nivls, si esto recibe rate ya seria el colmo q asco :(
pretty cool!!
Who else found the "split is cute :3" easter egg?
<3
Who care's if they're furries, that doesn't stop them from being excellent creators.
Why do you guys dislike furries? Are they ruining your lives? Exactly, they aren't.
Am i the only one who doesnt mind the furry art?
insertion
Furries are good people once you get to know them.
Furry lmao, Split Is Cute :3
aww
aaaaa un furro
I died at the last jump but there are too many comments so nobody will know.
if 7 stars had good gameplay they would be 5 stars
rip players on mobile :(
nice but too dark
gameplay is quite wack tbh , cool design
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVEEEEEEE
Really good level but needs optimization
sick
8*
gg :)
Nice lvl. this is not an 7 star lvl, it should be 8 or 9
GG 36 ATTEMPTS
This is Epic!
Weird gameplay
Incredible deco i love it!!
I love it
58,000 stars ;)
epic ???
This goes hard, feel free to screen record
GG
Gracias mis reyes ;)
Nice L V L :))
Ooooooooh si! 
Muy buen nivel!
this level took too long for me to complete. i did it in 8 attempts when it should have been 2
GG 4CP ;)
i made  it to kindom
Merece featured
oh se
GG! 1 coin
Gg :D
Cool amigo!
Featured
muy bonito el nivel UwU
it's probably cool to steal custom objects from SpaceDust's levels
Buen nivel, se lo merece.
puto ufo pero gg ;)
really cool lev el I realy enkjoued it qse ,a,aazmong
Great level :)
definitivamente este es el nivel tuyo que mas me gusta
made it a bit harder hope you guys don't mind
gg 11 attempts, died at 97% 4 times lol. definitely 9*
i know you can turn the shake effects off in settings but either way it's a bit much
the first jump is hard as frick
Pass is 888877 like plz
your designs are getting much better
Nemsy is love, Nemsy is life, Nemsy is the best fish.
maybe a bit too many shake triggers but i like the designs
GG! 4 attempts :)
Really fun level! Sent ;)
gameplay is fun asf!
This is the first time I see a rainbow block use as design for 2 years now, woah
Really loved it. Feels like a throwback to early 2.1 demons :)
nemsy dmeon
40 attempts (+ 2 coins). #1615
nemsy is my favourite
The shake effects were very strong, I would probably tone those down a bit in your future levels
Very fun level, GG! :)
nemsy weekly soon
GG! both coins, great level!
the things i be doing at night is not very holy
Cool and good
GG i hope you all have a very nice christmas and btw first victor HEHEHEHA
GG! :)
gg 1 attempt
pretty nice, maybe a tad easy for a demon tho :)
buffed it to make it easy demon
definitely not medium demon
best level. Merry christmas. Hope this gets featured
i hate different mode duals
GG! 3 attempts, technically 1 if you count a 1 attempt practice run ;)
240hz bug fixed
This is supposed to be Easy demon btw, all demons are rated hard and then madeanother difficulty
gg 21 att the dual was so f*cking fun :o
did i seriously just 1 attempt that. wow ok
GG! Finally its finish right on the critsmas time!
Plz rate
:)
GG! :) 38 Attempts! Very fun level!
Definitely my favorite level!!
me encanto
thanks for dedications!
I am not RobTop,but this level deserves epic rated in my opinion! This is a masterpiece! :)
Sad, that I can`t send this for epic. Great job from all u guys, ur best level Anya!Great atmosphere
a
LMAO HOW
This level is so beautiful :3 Good job Anya!
muy buen nivel para empezar este 2022 
GG! 119k stars =)
un vio
gg this level is better than most epic levels! struggled with gameplay but still very nice
cool
125k stars. Nice :)
GG :) Maybe 8-9 stars !
mu cephei is the name of a star
this is fastactic 
The GP is very good
cool
give anya the epic he deserveeeeeess
I really love the ship gameplay in this level but the orb timings are so bad.
congrats on the feature
Like This Comment For A Free User Coin!  ===>
Aqui antes del rate 8)
spider is annoying.
GG! 900 Stars :D
Me gusta este nivel
1st tryyyy
My favorite 5 star because of the song, super probably level song lol
cool :)
love the vibe and the song
nice level
words cannot describe how much i love this song
gg
GG :)
(and you) me? :0
Muy hermoso me encanta <3
yes i beat it
2 att gg
epicepicepicepicepicepicepicepicepicepicepicepicepicepicepicepicpeicpeicpepicepicepicepic
6000 Stars :3
coins: Inside structure at 3%, skip pink pad at 23%, skip blue orb at 53% grab the key up at 64%
 i miss you Michigun
I hate it when they make complicated coin routes. Like if you agree.
holy shit hey top comment your coin descriptions are inaccurate
UPDATE: add more clue for the coin
i will miss you 2021. byeeeee! tomorrow is 2022
stupid coin
Coin 2: ignore 29% pink pad, triggers will activate in ship part from 35%-40%
The blocks and the colours was great,Great job!!
how do u get the first coin
Dame like porfa :'(
iam on the toilet
1st coin = frustration!
how the first coin>??????
Nice
gg on a feature!
This Level Is Cool
GG, 8.000 stars :)
cool! GG with all coins on mobile!
598 GG :)
ratio
Collab with ItzKiba. Playtested by KrisKing, Viprin, Akinawoo, SleyGD
dang you actually click on every beat lol 
Oasis, fantastic job with this level. The energy, gameplay and visuals are all fantastic, you two outdid yourselves by a great ordeal! GG! :)
Rate Insane Demon,  beginning parts may seem easy but the length and cps makes it harder ;)
Like for 2.2 dislike for 2.1
pass 122121
Amazing level, GG! :)
This level is sooo fun, I loved it <3
GG! My first level of 2022 :)
you have no idea how much i love this oh my god
I hate this game
absolutely incredible, been a while since i last saw a level use a song to its advantage this much
200k :D
like if you can't beat it
2 nights, 1 morning, & 1.5K attempts later... | Out of this world level! New favorite Hard Demon <3
man, i love hard demons because most of them have amazing visuals and great gameplay!
died ten times at 44% before i hit 46..
I absolutely love the decorations but i absolutely do not love the gameplay, still a very cool level
nexus is an explorer, and a leader :D
Enter the world
Very fun level, GG! :)
#1712. Gameplay heavily brings down the whole level
Verified this:)
How did three playtesters miss all these bugs and inconsitencies?
ok, i am rated
i cant believe this level had 3 playtesters and its one of the worst gameplays ive beaten
neato. thanks for dedication!
the second half is filled with blind timmings and bad trans which can be really annoying to play
imah speedrun
final part is so fcking buggy
how is this hard demon
AWESOME!!
neato.
never mind the entire level is the most RNG pile of inconsistent garbage i've ever played
390att gg!
8-}
sweet
#1182, 54 att. Gameplay feels pretty jank at parts
the gameplay is not good but its still an ok level, about 350 attempts :)
Thank you so much for giving me the opportunity to verify this awesome lvl! I hope everyone enjoys!!
Not horribly well polished, but has loads of personality
balls
feature demon rate 551 downloads 39 likes
Thanks for the decication i love this level! i hope it gets rated soon :D
maybe this is extreme demon chat LOL
good level, for first cp is crazy, also, this is harder than acu and cata soo, extreme demon IMO
gg
Definitely an Extreme!
Good level :0
the three people below me drank bleach
NATHAN :D
UPDATE!: The LDM in the first cube has been upgraded
IT'S OUT
GG
fart
LETS GOOOO
somene send it 
should be epic
nevermind
bad gameplay :/
kinda wish the end was better but cool overall :)
Secret way. GG! :) (Thanks olivka)
GG! :)
47 att with sw. Not worth.
GG! :) 80 Attempts! Very fun and good level!
WHERES THE SECRET WAY????
done without secret way dont take crystal meth next time when making gp pls
GG 59 Attempts! Gameplay could be better but still fun and amazing deco! :)
deco is imprecive
To be honest, it was better going school today, instead of beating this
i prefer eating vomit than playing this again
beat after dying at the last wave, do not recommend beating this
secret way used :^)
The last half is so empty I freaking hate it, another boring modern-tech level. -10/10
GG... gameplay at the end though
this was quite challenging but also very fun, nice level :)
lags are annoying.... Should be LDM..
pa cuando rate?
triple ...?
forgot this was gd for a sec there
OmG 1 aTtEmPt
wow
god please rate this level 
Is this GD or universe sandbox??
Awesome job.
And this is how the covid-19 got created
wtf no epic rating?
"what animation software do you use?" "geometry dash."
R.i.p Mobile Users XD
why was i born in space                                                                    cant brea
rob I will never get how your epic rating standards work
=D Epic!!
BEST. AUTO. LEVEL. EVER!
I found this in the easy filter...
I don't usually play auto levels but this has some really beautiful space art which is my favorite
o m g 24fps
just because its christmas doesnt mean its more likely he'll rate your stuff
rob how about a first cp demon beg rate?
ok this is maybe the best level in gd ever made
good job, but the stuff from 80-100 feels lazy, don't end the level early, it feels cut off.
if the vibe is lag then yes, I felt it
gameplay can be quite hard to read and i dont think this is a memory level
not bad !
no i have several mental disabilities
AMOGUS
never thought id find yo goofy ass in the magic tab
Feel the lag
I felt the vibe
imagine saying gg 1 attempt smh
its so weird seeing my font just pop up in random levels every now and then, thanks for using it :)
Also can feel abit annoying at times good level though!
4x speed ball in a 5 star huh?
no u sus
well...sry I didn't feel the vibe...way too hard for me ;(
I mean the song was certainly a vibe
like if you see upside down among us ;)
Indeed you are sus
no, You want 10 bucks?
I feel the smell of shit
entonces ella dijo "eso tilin" y todos se rieron
que buen nivel XD
society
sociedad
si jonathanGD hiciera buenos niveles:
conoces algo llamado ldm?
"Tu papa decia eso tilin" Insultos que tendran relevancia en un futuro
El Bromas :O
el jijijaja
Gracias wapos xd <3
*risa incontenible*
Si Mulpan hiciera buenos niveles:
ayuda me estan embargando la casa
Eso tilin *(takagi riendose de fondo...)
Y luego le dije... El pepe! XDDDDDDXXDDVSHSUDUIS
first part looks so nice
el pepe
like for "sex" the movie
eso tilin
Very Good
aww, I feel bad for the kids out there, desperately trying to dislike comments to get top. Get Life.
not bad but the gameplay feels super unfair rather than fun. definitely a demon lol
#advyout btw
i'm too young to get high i'm only 6 years old!
unintuitive gameplay, should be demon
thanks for all the supportive comments! highly appreciate that. our next collab will be better  :)
nae moment
alesda, huh. didnt played yet but thats a great choice for song
I requested for 9 stars to get a demon, but failed lmao
And I wonder if anyone here has Discord?
i also play on spacebar yo!!
now, 75000 people have known how to get high
No thanks, my mum told me not to do drugs
rated teen for drug references
daym this good
looks WAY harder than it is lol
that title sounds very suggestive
I know  :sob:   but I cant stop doing it, it's kinda fun everytime I crack on it actually
dont mind if i do.
the download number has not risen for a while :/
Amazing work, specially the song choice
the most bias-free rate of all time
bad transition
epic
F absolutely horrible transition
GG!! Cool but transitions should be better :)
dislike if you play fortnite
epico bro gracias por la dedicatoria :)
pinga
fix 54% jump, i think this place need a jump pad
that's the most sudden transition i've ever experienced, please fix
no toy bien  :(
gg, looks amazing but im sorry please fix the 53 transition thats awful
tas bien?
nada mal, faltan mejorar las transiciones 
the 58% and 78% transition is so sudden
Robtop
GG!
rate this
this is very well done
Woah, really impressive for a first serious proyect, great job!
Thank you Rob and all the mods that sent my level!! This is actually surreal
really really nice first solo
lvl cuc vip cuc pro tang ban nghin like !!
very nice
niceeeeeeeeee
great!
amazing!
really good! it had some neat animations too
Enjoyable! :)
really cool
GG! level sieu dep tang ban 1 lai
Gameplay is so fun, and deco goes hard. Great hob :)
Really cool!
gg , thx for dedicated
gg 
dit vao lon phe
Cool!
Name = Divine. Username = Wind. Divine Wind = Kamikaze. Kamikaze = Suicide Attack. WTF
Que Divino :P
PASS IS 754598 LIKE SO OTHERS CAN SEE
should be medium demon not insane tho
gg my first insane/hard/medium/easy demon
very strange and unrefined, but I don't mind it :p
why is it still insane demon lmao
Cool level! some timings were a bit annoying but the theme was interesting
omg you finally beat it!!! congrats bro!!! now dont come back :)))
Awsome level, GG! :)
in fact the verifier verified it while drunk, and you cant even beat it while sober L
1000 likesGGGG
WOW
Great level, GG! :)
ill make a level called MRodney and give it bad gameplay on purpose
you called this verify hacked.you are a ape, there is verifications all over youtube
10k downloads ayy
700 likes :D
6 sends, thanks Dasher3000
ggggggggggg jaja
GG! :) 191 Attempts (On Phone)! Such amusing music, especially those parts with steam! Fun level! 
7 sends, thanks Danolex
Very creative, absolutely lovely.
john new nivel
coin: fly down at the first ship
awesome:0
WOW
Secret way at 1%, playtesting at its best!
What have you done to my eyes
awesome
bad Gameplay, good deco
so koool
Media hora para descifrar la coin :(
I did the whole ship as a ball LOL
what is that ball part 
GG! :)
GG
gg
those are really nice effects :D
HOLY SHIT THIS IS REALLY FUN
288 fps bug I think (died to something above me after hitting the yellow orb)
500th like :)
rust at home:
crazy
I beat Rust! wait..
ayo looking like Rus by Nigeria
dust
really cool 
Fun! But I dont think its worth 6 stars. Maybe 4 or 5?
i get rust vibes from this
rob get over here
looks like dusty by renn241
Cool! I like the "rust" vibe to it :)
You cool creator or many bloks)
rust para noobs be like:
GG's. Very fun! =)
fun
2att gg
why isnt this rated?
If Rust was level 1
reminds me of j
fake spike design at 90% scared me
POV: You died at 26%
renn modern ig
13,042 stars, weak gameplay
i cant tell the difference between an orb and a gear
this stupid spider bug...
i like your levels a lot more when i can see what the hell i'm doing
hot lvl. song sounds like its from a 5 minute crafts video tho...
POV: You died at 26%
extreme demon decor sucks very big .!.
great deco but trash gameplay sorry :(
"a little bright" a little more than bright
i think you spelled modern wrong
fun
Amazing!
GG
34200 stars :)
:)
Full of bugs though...
GG 4 att :)
ah yes i like mobern lebel.
Pretty cool for being made in 1.9!
great
Thanks to everyone in 1.9GDPS Community. This wouldn't happen without any of you <3
I absolutely love this. Keep up the amazing work!
This could be like the first epic in 1.9
I refuse to believe this was made in 1.9!
absolute banger
its a wonder what you can do with imagination
awesome
This level told me to breathe in. It never told me to breathe out, so I have now died.
love the atmosphere, super nice work :)
this level has inspired me
oh my god i love you and your levels so much
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
GG
1.9 gdps masterpiece, i love this so much <3
i died c:
Amazing
GG! Great Auto level. 16,000 Stars & Happy birthday to me! 16 years old :')
pretty good! :)
triggers for coins are at 5, 39, 78
Not bad, sent :)
1 attempt
oh
taste the rainbow
so good bubba
the ball at the end is a bit empty
I am completely evil, I am sorry sky
very nice level, i like it
awesome.
i love eating skittles
yeah this is pretty cool , nice colours and glow and the gp is good 
GG! All coins & 31.1k stars :D
true
MOOD LMAO- wait tf there are coins
i have tasted the rainbow
how do you do second coin
GG!
M&Ms
Play the rainbow, taste the rainbow
possibly the worst song i've ever had the misfortune of hearing
huh?
The fact that it took me almost 100 attemps make me feel embarassed :/
lmao 27 likes 200 downloads?!!
bug
GG 27500 stars :D!!
Bug
mhm mhm interesting
Nice 
39639 stars.
GG!
how
EPIC!!!!
gg 6 attempts 3 coins took 4 months to get rated
uh nice
:'D
had all 3 coins :(
GG all coins!
wait what i was browsing the recent tab and i found this gem so far looks great
GG :D
color dash 2
oh hey it got rated 
84K Stars! :D [26/12/2021]
Hey this is a pretty nice Christmas present. Thanks rob :P
GG nice level
Nice
should be featurd
That's not a 7 star, but good level
nice lvl
Thats cool
cool lvl but isnt 7 stars too much?
Not bad, could use some better contrast and more complex designs as well
aj04
Very good level :)
Very cool!
also should be 5*
solid lvl nice job
GG
very clean :) <3
gg 1att
Nine Circles from another universe!
I swear every time I play a Bunch level this happens...
i have the daily level and weekly demon at the same time huh?????????????
Pass is 69420 gimme likes
btw i spent 2 hours trying to make a different bd at the drop but they all looked bad...
This better get rated, its the best non demon circles level in ages
bunch circles
bunch circles
can't be a bunch level without a 69
Like if youre here from Evw
my longest time for a rate lol ty rob
I now unsubscribed guitar
Why am I so dumb?
Coin 1: up at 20% Coin 2: Throught structure at 63% Coin 3: Hit blue jump ring late at 95%
whos here before it gets rated?
This song is so good and this level so fun
My favorite NC level
I am a member of the FBI and the Illuminati but thats classified in 3 seconds you will be terminated
FEATURE THIS
Daily Chat Is Worse Than 9/11
My part was changed a little, the full part is on my account 
also wtf happened to stans part lol? the one he uploaded is seems so much better than in here
I CAN'T USE ENOUGH ADJECTIVES TO DESCRIBE HOW GREAT THIS LEVEL IS!
Fixing cpm's part soon!
awesome collab i would of been in IF I HAD IDEAS AND MOTIVATION FFS =/
HOLY SHIT DUDE THIS IS FANTASTIC
why are there no ground spikes in the first part
holy shit now that im actually playing this im realizing how buggy this gameplay is
i played the whole thing in practice AND HOLY SHIT THIS IS GOOD ITS BETTER THAN DAILYS IT SHOULD 1/2
LES GOOOOOOOOOOO BILLLYLYLLYLLYLYLLYYY
very cool, epic
YOOOOOO gg on the featute dude!!!!!!
Sexy
ficksd
YOOOOOOOOOOOO
MY GOD THIS SO FANTASTIC!
hard to sightread, but this design is amazing :D all of you did a good job
anyways.. thanks everyone (this level did not deserve feature though lmfao)
well not really, just a lot of bugs because some parts used other parts groups but build helper 
who built the second part its FLIPPIN AWESOME
i think asthae's deco style gave me a new fetish
criminally underrated. idk how this level has just totally flown under the radar
i really like this, cool job
wow
epic worthy
The Industrial Revolution and its consequences have been a disaster for the human race. They have gr
GG! Awesome level!!
yo this is finally rated 
GG secret way at 43%
still waiting for this to be rated
epic
rob casually rating my levels while im in the shower. gg
Secret Way!
Somehow the diffresnt styles work well together, fun level too! Good job :)
me gusta mucho la parte de 20% y la de 80%, estan muy buenas :D
if this does not get epic then I will rip my hair out
life sucks get used to it
@Fxshy wheres the skip?
69 likes
now its 70 sorry everyone 
here before feutred --->
would like to see more variative designs. this level is good, but very repetitive.
uh no its here before epic                             ->
nu blin
featured!!!
Pochemu on ne reitnut?
rate?
esli ti podpisan na pultoniuma pultiki vavila i cyxapika to ti geniii
Gg 7 atts (very good level)
russia
kto rysskiy laik
how long to make this level?
WHY NOT FEATURED
JDEM REIT :) KJLACCHblN LVL
gde reit
Gucci!
featured
WOW!
laik esle gay
Topchik
Claim your "Here before feature" ticket right here ->
loldude good atmosphere
like for funnygame, dislike for viprin
hot
friendly reminder that this is still not actually made by funnygame
Dislike if you hate funnygame.
"oh i havent heard about funnygame in a while, lets check his profile" *new level*
disliking all like if before feature comments
Hot Take: People need to stop using "Like if you're here before feature" for free likes.
i thought funnygame quit gd
Like if you like FunnyGame levels!
Sad to see FunnyGame go from one of the most well-known creators to somewhat underrated.
HeRE beFoRE FeaTUrE NOBODY CARES!
everyone who said "like if before featured" should be legally prohibited to play this game
GG! :)
why the fu** is this not rated?
lIkE iF YOu ArE HeRE BeFOrE FeATuREd
like if you hate like if comments (hypocrisy)
recent
"Like if youre here before feature"... i swear ima explode if i see another one of these comments
why this not featued? it good.
amightyduck my beloved, they making great gameplays on their levels
ROBTOP DO YOUR JOB AND FETURE THIS
where is all of your cp like fr youre so talented
nice
nice
Jeremiah
yo gg on the double rate
cool level with song, makes this fire good job 
double lol
p
what a great level sheesshh
gg 1 att pretty in between level fun
Awesome gameplay. Cool desgin! Good job
1 att
gg 1 attempt, fun level
Sweet level. Deco is unique andeverything it telegraphed. Great job!
the last 1/4th of the level feels like it should hit better, but its just so cool
nice, i love the vibes
second attempt
muy bonito :3
Pero que pelotudo que soy no agarre la ultima moneda
jonathan gd in a nutshell
RATEE!!!!!
THANKSSS!!!!!!!!!!!! :')
buenardo #rateDevoe
Samuel
Shows potential with colors but everything else is lacking
buen nivel espero que tenga su featured y con suerte epic
looks pretty good. Transitions could be improved though, expecially the one at 43% (mini ball)
ya gg con las 3 coins xd 
very cool
OMG esto va a ser epico papus
gg
GG, Danolex y Humbrall
GG! :)
GG All Coins Nice
GG!
cool
2 coins, The first one is kinda hard to figure out for my only braincell <w>
Happy birthday! This level is remarkable, I love the fact that you made the song too :D
dang playing gd for 20 years, what a legend
Happy Birthday!
Happ birthdaaayy!! <3
Ayyyy happy birthday Jam :)
Happy bday! Im excited for your 30th bday level
@DeltaAimee did you like the LDM cake I made?
GG! I really like this level. The vibe it gives off is so nice and the themes are just amazing :D
What A Legend, Playing GD For 20 Years Yet Not Quitting, Wow
Nice lvl
nice :)
coin 1: dont switch gravity at 35 (hit red+green orb upside down), coin in structure at 36
unique and sightreadable, very enjoyable
Awesome level, gameplay is so intuitive I was able to 1 attempt it. Great work :)
jam preparing for his midlife crisis
LET'S GO!!! Finally rated after over a year lmao, and 6tth place at that... feels good man.
really fun, love your unique style!
I truely have been destroyed with facts and logic
this took forever but yoo finally
Great job man, happy birthday!
Awesome ideas man, clean up that art :)
I was not expecting this to ever get rated, thank you rob  for rating, been a whole year
bad transition
Bad transitions, wtf give me time to react
good concept
26666 stars :00000
Btw this is a really old level i never thought would get rated so it is bad
i don't like when art levels make the gameplay unreadable
this sucks
this level was pretty unfun to play tbh
Happy Halloween <3
Deco: 7/10   Gameplay: 3.5/10
love art levels :)
level is kinda annoying in some places but cool
Well THIS was rated a bit late rob
cool
happy halloween
True ay
Espera, eso no son recuadros con rostros deformados.. son ventanas ;-;
No more first tool points, rip
The designs feel pretty random, I think trying a bit of a theme would help with that!
This song is so emotional and amazing! Also great level :)
jump as the robot in between the spike and block at 76%, after you get the key the coin is free
the fish in the end brings it all together
that fish in the end is my logo. it loves to hang around my levels recently
ono stole this Level and called it Follow me. Report and comment on the stolen copy!
The level should get more moves, but it's very relaxing and cool. =)
coin tip: jump up at 76% on the robot part to get a key for the coin
guys there is a level called follow me by ono who stoled and likebotted this lvl let's report him
wow, downright beautiful. love it!
Nice :)
where is that coin
My 10,000th online level complete, GG!!!! :D
GG!
lol watch this be next + daily
d
I love this  <3
I think acxle songs are nice
you really best creator
good message
Not bad ! :)
Woah
Have you sent it to robtop yet?
epic gameplay
1 like = 1 less homeless person
Very fun level, GG! :)
What, i cant belive that 3 very decorated levels are in the same recnet page!!!
the 57% transition is literally rng but asides from that the level is pretty fun ngl
Past 90% fails seem to love me 
GG! :) 154 Attempts! Very cool level, especially the last coin!
so fun aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Very nice update :D
GG! #1964
GG =)
GG! 37 attempts :)
antes de entrar al dual 40% ms o menos hay un bug la cual hace que vallas hasta abajo fixealo 
It feels good to see a level that is made 3 years ago and it gets featured this year
took a while 
GG! :) 52 attempts + 3 coins. #1365
Sidestep 2 change my mind
why is this rated
This was definitely not a 7 stars.
SO MANY BLIND JUMPS
off screen gameplay :(
293 attempts honestly the worst easy demon i played frrr
Move Trigger Abuse with a Taste of Alpha Trigger Abuse
all my homies hate blind timings
like if here from partition!
who from partition?       like   ----> 
pretty fun aside from a few transitions :)
better late than never
nice level! ;)
a
partition was here
STUBIP GAMPLAEY
more bugs lol
this level sucks
this is so not feature worthy
GG! :) 77 Attempts! Very fun level!
mi modo toca ver a ghost power sufrir xd
Very fun level! :)
a bit too easy for 9* but noice
First Coin: Go between the saws at 39%. Second: Key at 77%. Third: Skip the yellow orb at 90%
After 5 years
good job, just looks kind of too chaotic
33.333 Stars again LOL
quite fun :)
Hay algunas partes que no me gustan del todo pero por lo general bastante divertido
Culo
It would be nice to see this rated. Was pretty fine for 2.0.
tfck
YOOOOOOO KOOPA IS DOING SOMETHING
This dude really putting a LDM for a 2.0 level lmao
Wtf is that about "sexy ghost butts?"
why this got a feature?!
This got rated after 5 years lol
This part is the literal bane of my existence...
this has better gameplay than most 7 stars
So fun I love this
GG fun level :)
Took this down to do some polishing and extended it. Technically still made in under a day
Im crying about it, its star rate at best ;~;
:,,( im crying
Very clean transitions!
ok
homeboye rate jumpscare
overdosing on copium
im not gonna cry nor die but im gonna try and i did it yay
what is going on here
Me when I push a kids grandma down the stairs:
very simple design but still epic, love it so much 
?.
Beautifull song :)
yes
DO I CRY NOW?????????
gg
do i cry now
Like if before daily :)
beat it.
your mother and i are canon
it looks pretty messy in some areas and the gameplay can be hard to see because of some details
Finnaly someone who used rainbow blocks. incredible lvl!
she knows she gets away with murder
gameplay is unsightreadble, but the gameplay itself is good. good deco and flow too, 7/10
stupid gp
25.000 coins!!!!! GGGGG
nice
More bugs than objects...
wohwohwoh
GG :)
WOOW!!
GG all coins :,3
gg blochyy i love you please kiss me im desperate :3
I don't like after the ball starts
bunch what js your gf doing
GG 10 attempts 3 coins :)
I FINALLY FOUND THE SONG AFTER 5 YEARS
good level,sent.....wait
please get rid ofn the stupid text in the middle of the screen
I really the glows in this :)
RUBRUB RATERATE THISTHIS GOODGOOD
I love text portals
Third coin: on wave part you have to fly almost perfectly along the white lines, coin in the end :)
So chill
rate this
i love this. new fav lvl forget nine circles
The title gives a perfect guess on how much time I spend crying in the corner.
KpacuBo)
3 coins gg
Claim your Before Feautred Tix here! ===================^
WOW! My first featured and 3 CP! Thanks RobTop!!!! ^_^
Thanks everyone for yous comments!
didnt expect a level like this in the recent tab
Thanks moderators and players, i hope to get featured! ^_^
it's times like this i wish i was a mod
top uroven', brat.
like if you didnt spend 6 hours in this level xD
should get rated, the transistions are so cool and easy to read what gamemode you are going into
GOD LVL  {8
Geometry Dash is not Geometry Dash anymore
Amazing dude :)
The level is buggy in practice mode. You can only put checkpoints from 0-45% and 67-100%
So close to my name, SO CLOSE
You have to hit the dash orb precisely in the middle to make it work.
Finally, SylntNyt uploaded a new level, glad to see him back
GG!! Some bugs needs to be Fixed, But Overall It's still Cool level :)
YOO hes back from the dead LMAO
this is so fun to play :)
bro bug 57 :/ 
finally a good level in recent tab :)
bug?
A bit too gimmicky imo but still cool
thanks for remaking my unfinished level :D i appreciate this a lot <3
a + w + e + s + o + m + e = awesome!
WTF
tula
Nice level with 2.2 features
epic 2.2 level :0
2.2?
not 2.2 in 2.1!! GG :D
This is incredible! Your style is impressive, loved it! :)
Not a fan of the corner pieces in the bg, makes it look messy. Pretty good besides that though.
Colorful and really easy! Decent level in general :)
good leve
Next daily for sure
i honestly think this is one of your better levels very nice work!
like if you are before rate!
we're*
Coins: Coin 1: Skip the green orb at 12% Coin 2: Hit the pink orb at 73% Coin 3: Free coin at end
5800 estrellas :)
The Jump Me Higher
pass: 696969
GG! 1 coin
looks fine tbh
lmao 6 attempts, no practice.
29,500 Stars!
GGGGGG all coins
gg
congrats on feature!
WHAT DOES THE * MEAN
Like this comment and you will pass the top 1 demon
Beautiful, good job! :D
(a wild robbie appears)
pyrocynical announcing to his audience of 5.3 million people that he likes obese furry fart art
I know this level isnt 4 me lmao, im just... lonely....
@IRobbieI i found you.. Hey Robbie!!!!!!!!!!
Nice
and thx to everyone for play it!! ^^ <33
I love the song
nice colors
Hey man, you spelt my name right. lets be friends, and yes my name is actually Robbie lmao.
lindo
Ah Robbie Yes Robbie!!!! Who Is Robbie?
Not epic? weird
interesting... :eyes:
IKaira is capable of such beauties! Thanks, dear legendary @IKaira! You're an awesome gal! GG... <3
hey robbie i have 6 african kids on my basement
One of the strangest yet best levels i've played in a while! Great Job!
Nice LVL :))
I liked the concept of the level, it seems relaxing to play and it's unique, sent to mods
i improved this a lot, the old version was worse
Im still fat
hi
YES!
robtopgoestothegym
GG's.
28k Stars :D
where is the gym
top 60 lets goo
Esta interesante
Awesome lvl but I wish that there were more sync in it :)
Almost 1 shotted LMAO
12k stars :)
gg
My experience  at the gym:
boy next door
GG!:)
Quin what?
the name
... i did go through the pink pad 
wtf an irl collab thats awesome
sweeeeeet
Rly rly good!
grandpas: Back in my days we had to take a 100 miles walk to my buddy's house to do IRL collab.
GG! 1 Att. 2 coins :)
love your colors!! love circles
so cool ! need to be featured !
GG! >_0
GG
the level says jarvis is cool and i am jarvis and the level is cool so i am cool
#42 gg. Nice and cozy lvl. I want more of it :)
gg
Sweet
Awesome level
I Just Played A Nuke Level Lol GG Good Level :3
Gg!!!TopNum165:)2Coins
gg 1 att all coins :D
gg 1att very cool music and deco <3
GG Nice LvL :))
Cool! :)
warning: abuse of move trigger detected
gg 29 attempts worst 4/5 star level in a long time
too much moving objects
Jeez that gameplay was all over the place. No way was that 5 star.
Good deco, but awkward gp.
You killed it, man
38% is bugged, I can't pass it
I have only one thing to say: WAYYYYYY TOO MANY MOVE TRIGGERS
This is way too unreadable to be 5 star
gameplay is shit
GG cool level! :) but, this is 6 to 7 star at best
not sure if its 5 star...
out of 750+ hard levels, you have the worst gameplay of all!!!
terrible gameplay
32 attempts. half of the time easy demons take less attempts, and there's a high hz bug too
how about you start learning to make normal gameplay before decorating another level
el nivel pajero
prefiero movistar:I
cancer.
this is the worst move trigger usage
Idk why but the shopping carts with pads was super cool i like this a lot
Really cool level, sent ;)
A lot of fun ideas and the art execution is quite impressive. Nice job. :)
like if you're here from PARTITION
Good level, sent :)
nice
OMGOMG LIKE IF HERE FROM NEXUS :V XDDD
I love that shopping cart idea so much this is very creative!!! I love it!!
les caddies remplis de pads cest une trop bonne idee
C'est mieux Intermarche
Pocky sticks represent
t'es juste un genie bg
Like if you're here from Nexus or Partition!
Quel niveau incroyable qui m'a fait voyager pendant 1 minute 17 ~
Les caddies avec les jump pads xD
"who from partition?" ;)
like if you are here from nexus or partition! :)
YEAH!
rate!
getting closer to 10cp
today is my birthday :D
sus
OMG AMONGUS OMG :OOOO
looks like camelback
Hello gamelback beautiful level worthy of outstanding congratulations friend
when the final is sus
why amongus
be quiet orang
cool n good, nice work camel
cool 
GG cool level! :)
Amogus 
sus
egg
Amogus
buen nivel, hasta tiene un sus
Dude honestly, one of the best levels ive seen in a while!! The transitions, love it!! So smooth! <3
one day in africa is equel to one day in the usa
I like the colors :)
amongus
Like this if I need to add a ULDM :)
very creative, turned out great :)
vegetables kill as proved in this level
First coin: skip cube portal after UFO. Second coin: jump on the fork after the first plate.3rd free
a quien salvarias? una roca = like, yolo = ignorar
wow, found a good level in recent tab nice, one request pls make uldm 
like if elpepe
This is NOT sussy. That means its great. Keep Going!
nikocado avocado speedrun
Didn't expect to wake this morning just to get killed by a brocoli...
"Avoid the vegetables"  finally something I'm good at
Like if you found a hidden way (secret way)
where bread?
if this get 50 likes i will reveal my mom's facebook password
Dont eat broccoli kids
i literally died. to a broccoli
How to get diabetes: 0% - 30%
:)
like if you didnt come from nexus.
GG Great level
It's always nice to see creators make levels with their own songs :)
Glow level, but with no glow, so it's a     level
Bruh                                                                                               
@banaxe read description
this goning to get rated
i love morden levl
fixed your slope issue now leave me alone
GG! :)
gg first completion with my new monitor :D
blind transision
its my logo people
ye that's glow
This is such an amazing lvl,if i could,id rate it feature!You might get a feature with this,GG!
aeaeaeaeae
1 attempt, should be 4* imo :)
cool
GG 10 Att
2 attempts gg i nearly died from panic near the end
Gg!!!TopNum33:)
Im in a call with my friend rn I just had a full meltdown on this tysm rob this is so awesome
like if you didnt come from bloodbath comment section
gg 46 att excellent concept by very badly executed
i absolutely did not enjoy my stay this was a horrible experience
wish the gameplay matched how great the deco is
hey! I've looked around your nice garden. enjoyed :)
This might be a 60hz bug at the ball section
GG! :)
i skipped a speed change and beat the whole thing in half speed lol
why is it so buggy
Lovely deco but gameplay is paradoxical than the deco ngl
Really cool, it just feels like I'm dying to something completely random every time so I'll come back to this later :(
this gp is horrible
idk what to say
This is so good!
shrympo choose way
GG
stained window design is nice
The song is not a banger, it's just make me feel so good to listen to it
gg
did I have a stroke just now? gg
gg
nah yall better rate 4 stars i dont know why this has the insane face
like this and you will allways win kahoot
first 5 people with all coins on the leaderboards will get their names at the end on the podium
kahussy
beluga had absolutely nothing to do with this
#1 baby
no one will know I didn't do my homework because there are too many comments 
who else hates when the teacher says put your real name
i love how the leaderboard at the end is actually the ppl that beat the level first thats awesome
1 like = 1 kahoot win
Like if you have played KAHOOT in virtual classes
GG!! Funny that my English Teacher used during some classes to learning :')
yeah its a 4 star level
Creative, Like if you have played KAHOOT in School
congrats
Tremendos recuerdos de las clases virtuales.
1,4,3,2 is the combination to get the second coin in ufo
This reminds me of the time when i lost a kahoot by 1 point LMAO
not helpful
i told you long ago... on the road... i got... what... they..,.,.,,,,, waitiug,.. fore
the world isnt ready for the industry baby to become the industry adult
baby backs, ayy, couple racks, ayy
i secretly twerk to lil nas x
Made it brighter :)
this is so nice
Lil nas X approve this.
like if you age is not 10
oh something different from you giggs thats nice ;)
lil nas x jumpscare
Like if you know the song, Industry Baby!
like for lil nas x dislike for dream
Really neat level, not sure why its called Industry Baby ;-;
LOVE THE ATMOSPHERE
not bad :)
i was expecting the shower scene :((
I told you long ago... On the Road
little not sex?????!?!?!
Industry Baby (SYNC DEMON LAYOUT) with clicks
:(
Chick-fil-A Chicken Sandwich $3.05  Chick-fil-A Chicken Sandwich  Combo $5.95  Chick-fil-A Chicken Deluxe Sandwich $3.65  Chick-fil-A Chicken Deluxe S
when the top comment section is just a chick fil a menu, you know its gonna be a good daily
wich  Combo $6.79  Chick-fil-A Nuggets 8 Pc. $3.05  Chick-fil-A Nuggets 12 Pc. $4.45  Chick-fil-A Nuggets  Combo 8 Pc. $5.95  Chick-fil-A Nuggets  Com
andwich Combo $6.55  Spicy Chicken Sandwich $3.29  Spicy Chicken Sandwich  Combo $6.19  Spicy Chicken Deluxe Sandwich $3.89  Spicy Chicken Deluxe Sand
75  Chick-fil-A Nuggets (Grilled)  Combo 12 Pc. $8.59  Chick-n-Strips 3 Pc. $3.35  Chick-n-Strips 4 Pc. $4.39  Chick-n-Strips  Combo 3 Pc. $6.25  Chic
edium Premium Side $1.00  Upsize Fries & Drink $0.46
bo 12 Pc. $8.59  Chick-fil-A Nuggets (Grilled) 8 Pc. $3.85  Chick-fil-A Nuggets (Grilled) 12 Pc. $5.75  Chick-fil-A Nuggets (Grilled)  Combo 8 Pc. $6.
k-n-Strips  Combo 4 Pc. $7.25  Grilled Chicken Sandwich $4.39  Grilled Chicken Sandwich  Combo $7.19  Grilled Chicken Club Sandwich $5.59  Grilled Chi
cken Club Sandwich  Combo $8.39  Chicken Salad Sandwich $3.99  Chicken Salad Sandwich  Combo $6.79  Grilled Chicken Cool Wrap $5.19  Grilled Chicken C
ool Wrap  Combo $8.15  Soup & Salad (Large Chicken Soup and Side Salad) $8.35  Chilled Grilled Chicken Sub Sandwich (Limited Time) $4.79  Substitute M
THEKAI GET ME THAT DAMN SANDWICH ALREADY PLEASE
WHATY TRHEWHBJEWJKDFHKDSKASFDTF
gg 1 attempt horrible level :(
I literally cant get past here
im so cracked bro thank you so much robert topala
Thumbs up for free pillow
i hate 82a like if you agree
fr went from daily chatter to daily creator 
purple people eater deniers be like: must have been the grinch
this bug tho?
nice and clean, we like these
robert
very cute and clean
why did my comment get a dislike?
pretty nice
man i sure hope this level doesnt get ignored because its a great level with good gameplay
Good level, sent :)
I understand a star rating but featured?
Teacher can i go to bathroom / Go
nice level but this is not hard is normal
GG me encanta la decoracion :D
Any first cp rates?
4 att good :D
5 att, nice
1 attps
eso tilin
this level was good and bad at the same timecusit took me 13 att
:>
Muy bonito!
deserves star rate i think, but well :)
nice!
Looks nice and I LOVE these transitions!!
bruh are you kidding me dont put an up arrow if its gonna rotate :/
horrible gp
banger
coin is in last part, its very easy and sightreadable
this level looks amazing, GG! ;))
cute
6,666 user coins :D
Epic lvl!!
112,000 stars
GG cool level! :)
GG!@!@
gg 1 attempt 1 coin, no me comi el giro del 73% por nada
gg
gg
simple, yet effective
i hate this bug
gg!
coin???
absolutely horrible gameplay
24 updates? Sheesh.
In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit
This gameplay is pretty awful
Please don't write that gp is bad, I already know, but every such comment makes me sadder
some stuff looks straight up taken from my level ngl, like the splitting laser after the wave
Petition for rate ->
need work on structure (Randomly get cut off), work on transision. simple lvl :D i like it!
style alkasha
The gp isnt too bad, just try to add more indicators okay? Cool level and gg on first CP :D
am i the only one who genuinely enjoyed this
Christian point of view, god the father, god the son, god the holy spirit
feels almost unfinished but has some really nice ideas. cool level :)
cool)
this gp actually fun ngl
Nice level man ...Ignore those bad gameplay comments
ggs on the rate :)
5600 stars with this level 
Omg. 1k likes...
hermano que nivel mas incomodo....
lets see how many kids get mad at this getting rated :p
this looks pretty simular to robtops level styles maybe thats why he featured it
HOW this level get req?!.....its so empty...
i made this years ago cant lie
also there is no b in this level, i was lied to
wtff i upload this as a joke!
why are ppl mad that this got rated but are happy everytime a 1.9 gdps lvl gets rated like what
bit too empty at times
geometrical dominator 2022?
how did this get featured, (not trying to be mean), it has too much empty space
Like si hablas espa~ol.
F THE HATERS I LOVE THIS LEVEL!!!
So unbalanced.
Roptop Like when people using his old style, Bring some memories. Thats why this level got rate
SWI took almost TWO YEARS to make and got featured, and this low-quality level also got featured.
rate=:)         featured=>:|
robtop.exe has stopped working
this comment is bugged you can like it  as many times as you wnat ._.
za chto reit
so we are surpose to make 2.0 levels now?
ggs on the cp :)
NO WAY.. THANK YOU ROBTOP!!
Featured level
3 attempts gg
Bad gameplay
pretty nice :)
GG!
new creator points for a finnish creator!
those coins are quite hard
very drip
Yatagarasu. Sonic Wave. Erebus.
cool wave part
RGB is good . RGB is life !
Mi cerebro luego de habermela jalado con fiebre
.___.
RGB Really Good Banana
:)
:D
legendary
very cool for a first rate
i have the best part inshallah i will destroy Hungary.
sorry i have to keep deleting comments so that great is the only comment because we had that idea
i was given the idea to nerf it and reupload it as an insane 9 rather than a demon
@RobotCheif can you say hi?
you spelled my name wrong and added capitals
bye
this level sucks
This is really fun. Hope it gets rated.
4100 stars! GG! (not demon, insane only lol)
Perfect difficulty for a 9 star level tbh
why do you desperately want people to say hi in the comment section
Easy demon NOT 9
bob went for a jog and then sat down on a log and saw a dog sitting in a bog with a frog 
eh
93% bad moment
tad hard to read some parts but actually quite fun to play
Fantastic!! great collab, really fun
4 attempts gg
9 stars are the most annoying levelsin the game 
very damn cool and nostalgic!! i love it
There are two p's in "sapphire"
Petiton for rate ----------->
yes ik i spelled it wrong but idc
Like si amas a Dios 
good level but 184.72.628.32
I thought those saws were real
gg!
It's boring
GG 2 att pretty cool and fun 
copy and paste
gg 3 atts
GG! :)
SONG=GOOD
i love this song indeed
nice
[-1]
cool
*tiene rate y se lo pasa :v
GG 14 attempts
Nada mal 1attm TopNum151:)
Coin 1: 20%, Coin 2: 72% y Coin 3: 96% (Free) ;)
60 DUB CP
GG! :)
gg 2 attempts
GG 28 attempts 3 coins :)
GG
GG with all coins:)
Bug
WAIT HOW?! Tysm! <3 (60 CP achieved!) <3
Dubstep Fantastic
:)
1 attempt
Bug
GG :)
I think putting jump pads in portals is fine if you cant see the next part
U good
h
first level of day gg
bug: I died in the blue pad corridor when I jumped
All coins GG!
Much much easier than 6 stars. Pretty cool though.
cool level, now i have 3500 stars
nice deco :)
gotta love these levels, just tryin to get orbs and stars and i get somethin free like this
such a vibe
good level but it should be 3 stars
gg 2 attempts 3 coins
Aunque es muy corto el nivel,es hermoso!!!
Debo decir que,...        (me cai de la cama XD) estubo buenisimo el nivel.
gg 5 atemps 2 coins
one of my favourite levels! so clean and works immaculately with the song. :)
GG with all coins! 17th
25,618 stars
1 att with a coin, this should be 3*
awsome level
So clean!
gg 3 coins
1 att this is 3 star
yay not 69
ooof
this gp is so bad im sorry but stop using slopes PLEASE they are so buggy
stargrinders got a serious fear of slopes huh
neat
definitely 6 stars imo
buil swap
porqueria de nivel con fallos de a verga
I died on 68% by a bug on the ramps
this level sucks
Bug on the ramps
for real though WHERE is the bad gameplay i really don't get it
Such cool deco with an amazing song, I like the idea of slope gp but it coulda been executed better
the last part sucks
slope gp is baller
gameplay is not a gameplay
Sufrimiento de estructuras
very cool
The gameplay is atrocious and I love the gameplay
This guy took "make unique gameplay" in the wrong way.
Nice
6/10 because the slopes
its... its.... a legendary recent tab level. finally my journey may rest. (only for a minute)
:3
OMG QUEDO EPICO PAMPOU, FUE UN GUSTO HABERTE AYUDADO CON EL LAYOUT XD
I would recommened focusing on all aspects instead of just block design
beatiful
fun fact: 72% of the time a like if is second top of top comment!
te quedo cool ; )
24k* star shinies! Much love... Thanks a ton! GG... <3
Buen nivel Pym! 
Like if you got here before feature ------>
Not bad is a bit  rare the combination of colors :)
omg
epic deco
Omg... This is so cool, deco so bright, but its ok with black bg. I like it.
dam, I clicked
17600, 400 stars left until 18k!
Gg! :3
Q Pro el Pym
bellisimo
Nice level bro :'3
Visiting daily chatters is like peeking into the special kids classroom at school
"RubRub carefully backs away from the daily chat, this place is not safe"
ok stop insane dailys
hear that rhythm bbb lll bbb hhh hllldldldl klsldklk aldlda bwowowowow ksdjfsdjklfjjkdslfmnlsdjkfmnJ
no offence or anything but this lvl is pretty annoying
Level too hard? Git gud
people are gonna be mad that this got daily and it will be very funny to me
Hello and goodbye Daily Chat, I'll remember you all in therapy! <3
Geo Dungeon is forcing me to cosplay Lucifer #davoboobs
rate stereo madness by robtop
i am a daily level now
your device is most likely 14+ years old if you need ldm for this level
rob how about ditch the demon system
pls do first rates rob NOW!!!
why daily chatters hate mods but want their levels to be featured :troll:
like if you suck
robtop is gay
If you lock a cow in a box it will die of methane poisoning before it runs out of oxygen
i dont like the first ufo part
if you like the smell of your farts then your legendary
xin nian kuai le
Kind of a bug at 12%
playtest your levels for the love of god
crunch
bro what is that click at 74
Ta potente el secret Way XD
enter cube portal at 69% high and in a downfall with the wave to pass
The backgroud after the first ship looks like popcorn
nvm u can jump in the cube portal transition at 71% and you launchup into the block then miniclick
                                                 ?
Da Jia Xin Nian Kuai Le!
GG All 3 coin's good level ;)
pls nerf the last robot tho
crunch cp (ccp)
so many bugs in wave part :(
playtest before release pls
FEATURE THISSS
every level needs a double spike :)
Po russki pisi ubludok
gg
Get some Doritos before you start playing this epic level
Wow, a 9* level that isnt 4* or demon difficulty!
-.-. .. .- --- --> CIAO (morse)
claim your here before rate ticket here ->
your style and gameplay is oddly satisfying
the description says ciao in morse code
i love you
cool stuff
thinking space
Youre so AWESOME
no way a fun, sightreadable 9*???
why is there music I thought there was no sound in space.
For anyone wondering, the desc. is morse for Ciao I believe, which is like saying see ya later!
a rare instance of a level with crazy visuals being somewhat readable
a 9 star that isn't a demon, wow. great level.
An insane level that lets you see whats ahead of you and is a fair yet fun difficulty? Impossible!
Very cool
this level makes me feel like im a sightreading god
AAAAAAAAAA!!!!
finally, an epic level that doesn't lagging :_)
Incredible level, definitely should have gotten epic. GG! :)
Really cool atmosphere, good job!
:)
this is super cool i love it
yall all are so nice saying this is epic worthy, thanks :)
pee in the water
actually quite cool
nice atmosphere
Nice bow
awesome to see a collab between you and classic, your styles can really work well
the wave at 58 was much harder than anything else, still super cool tho. i love it
if i get top comment i will jump out my window
Yo im in the endscreen, because im a massive fan of this level ._.
spooky cool
i got a headache for those flashes please add an option for remove them
Showed this to my friend. He liked it so much he started break dancing!
like if you think creepy levels are underrated
lovin it
I will try to beat this.
GG! 14 attempts :)
coin is above the big saw at 50
like if you dont get the coin.
That was so fast damn lmfao
where coin?
Like si te lo pasastes sin la coin.
nice
For the Coin: Fly over the blade at 50%
I've beat this level 3 times,and im still cant find the coin (btw sick level!)
hi @bongus
rate this so ak can mald
1 coin!
proceeds to get a 4* rate
E
Wow! This is really great! Feels kinda empty toward the end, though.
that like was worth it.
Awesome! :)
Hopefully the 30% bug is fixed now
Amazing
ending seemed very rushed and low effort
Bruh this transition ._.
this is insane
THIS IS SO GOOD
GG! :)
Just barely missed out on first victor, but still a great level!
good :)
The song is my reaction to seeing this be released
hi smiffy
GG amazing demon :) 440 attempts. Also first victor :D
Awesome!!
Bruh i was literally gonna make a level called fusion core
insanely good, needs to be rated asap
xd
lol
after one 98 death - high end insane demon
GG!! AWESOME 1.9 LEVEL!! I love it! <3
New Extreme Demon:)
when the hell isnt sakupen :O
NOBODY CARES IF YOU WERE FROM NEXUS!
finally a rated level with original song :)the all remixes is happy(I mean is have 2 remixes,like...
#Nexus
Sent :)
There are now 3 rated levels called Gibiji. Which is the definitive Gibiji experience?
Like Minecraft = dislike free fire
GIBIJI IS SO CUTE AND FLUFFY (NOT FAT) AND THIS SHOULD BE RATED BECAUSE GIBIJI IS AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!
Like = Gibji supremacy dislike = You hate Gibji
Coin 1: Up at 3%. Coin 2: Stop holding at 37%. Coin 3: Free at the end!
Coins: 1- go up at 3% 2- go up at 37% 3- LITERALLY IMPOSSIBLE ;) (All are out in the open btw)
GIBIJI CONTINUES
There will be more Gibiji...
:gibijiribbon:
ALSO DOUBLE DIGITS LOL
i cant dislike the comment under me twice :(
No Gibiji art, 0/10, angry >:(
GUBIJI
5 star rate deserved
@gavinreid7 3rd coin is easier than 1st LOL
GIBIJI
@billyg1122
I was scared of the big coin at the end
fun
Incredible, sadly the first layout part does not fit with the other amazing designs and fonts.
idk just like if you don't have bf or gf
coin 1: jump at 30 right after cube portal (invis coin)
coin 2: double click at 64 (top of spider)
At first I was like *How did this get featured*
Let me guess. Daily?
Like si eres Hetero
Nice
legit best level ive played in a long time
omg this is so good
Cool Decoration,Good Level and Legendary Song.This level is Beautiful (GG!)
This should be daily
Te amo Abdula
i like how it changed to sonic music at the end
esta increible <3
FINALLY A GOOD LVL
Yooo thats an awesome level
my eyes hurt
ok
te quiero mucho abdula
Not bad, sent :)
hand sanitizer companies kill 99.9% of germs so that .1% can reproduce so they keep making money  :|
yall getting free stars with the insane rating lmao
don't play at 4am O_O (worst mistake of my life)
es raro poner una cancion tranquila a velocidad x 3
im just saying its quite fast for a slow vibey song and i find that quite unsatisfying plz dont hate
go made popular comment:^
I dont think the wave fits here, as the speed is too fast for the song imo, but still nice
is this suppose to use a custom song???
awesome, now that buggs are fixed this will get epic
u see i did a mastermind technique requesting 8* so i could get free stars. its part of the strat 8)
creo que es no es la cancion XD
el insane mas facil :0
This feels like it was made for a completely different song
U WILL NEVER STOP ME
#rate
if you like this level check out Zen its the prequel to this!!! :D
Chill <3
should be 5* xD 1 attempt
This felt like a 6 star level, still awesome though
Like if you love your mum 
i HATE homework so much >:(
Like if You HATE Homework
Don't pass the gp creator the aux they just gonna play nana - geoxor
thanks for rate can't wait for all the aux cord jokes
what if we kissed cord eaux
among us isnt funny
my first extreme demon +6 hours with this lol
GG for getting this extreme demon feature, super proud of you :D
me like. maybe first extreme
I stole this from qur XD
Like se ves esto
can we stop hack beating this please
1 like = i new icon in 2.2 uodate
well 
santiachu stole this verification from me in real
who made thise
GG!!!! EXTREMEN DEMON RECENT :) TOP 21 IN TOP,TOP 7 IN WEEK
i've been waiting for this to come out :;)
420 likes
Fun level :D
Use a J block with those blue pads
I wonder if anyone will care about this level
yay
this looks sick #herebeforefeature also if this gets top comment i may eat my bed
painful gameplay
gameplay a little weird
Rate :D
cool
nice deco, i think its a bit repetitive and the skips in the gameplay could be patched though
letsgooooo its done :D
good atmosphere
Amazing level my friend
twilight sparkle from my little pony
61,000 stars ;)
wow cool
invisible speed changes :(
<3
fun level g
not 9 star. 10 attempts no practice. buuuuuut. this is an amazing level. amazing job <3
after all these years lieb is still a ginger
This level kinda hard
Atomic Cannon more like Atomic Cannonballing Detroit amirite fellas up top
woah ok high main list jumpscare
kaboom
after all these years i am still bad at bouncing square game
finally after 3 days 4521 atts :)
00004560000456000004560000
extreme demon significa: pongale mas picos XD:)
like si vienes por guitar
Nuevo Hacker Onobys Me robo mi cuenta la tiene ahora mismo cuidado es peligroso onobys
nice lvl
yess extreme demon
glad to be havs the non 100% wr
Yo le di Dislike y me robo mi cuenta :( Denle Like a onobys
nice this actually got rated
after all this time I'm still a noob
this level is pushing p
Happiness!
YESS 1%
First coin: tap at 51% Second coin: tap at 80%
Fun fact: My part is 2 seconds longer than gepsoni4's part.
Nice!
Don't ask me how, but I've read this level's name as "Waterfish"...
If this gets top comment I will upload a level with a bagel on my head.
si lees esto te deceo lo mejor ;)
1 att, fun level. only time in 2.1 i've ever seen the rainbow block actually fit with a level
bruh
cool
GG!!! nice level :D
ooooooooooooooooooyaaaaaaaaaaaa
pretty fun
gg :D igualmente al de abajo
gg 1 attempt 2 coins, that was so close...
._.
nice
holy sheet, it's a masterpiece!
yaya 
sussy 1 att
1 att
Conduciendo en latam xd
Interesting concept! The static effect was really good too
How to get a driver's license:
like for 240 keys
manejando en latam 2077
Latam 2071
GG love to all!
rate 1299
rate 1299
Privet Maffaka
esto esta epico :o.. BUEN TRABAJO!!
glad that got rated!
cyberpunk 2077
thanks for using my song <3
TREMENDO
rate 1299 
joer un coche con alas :0
why is not epic? :/
I have no words...:D
increible
#YunHaSeuForMod:)
thanks for playing
Coins:25%,61%,95%
Like if you are straight
I like this level :D How'd you do it so fast?
Anyone else here before its rated?
First coin: invisible red orb at 25%, 2nd coin, ufo part, go under 3rd coin, 93% wave part go under
Maffaka is playing sent levels right?
you top 1 gd creator soon
YunHaSeu14 is so Cool :D
me
yum yum 2.0
all coins sick level!
Good
HOW DID I SURVIVE THE LAG xD
I accidentally got the last coin
1111 user coins, funy
Wow
yAAwhy
1 att gg
take your before rate ticket here                                   [click]
u can like this comment if your name isnt steve
cool :)
shout out to people who give free coins at the ends of their levels
Like if here before rate
Hi ! This level is awesome ! Bye :)
super clean decoration, very good level
what is that trasistion
belastet grinding cp what a legend
._.
like if you hate Here before rate comments
Gg 16 atts! (Thx for the 2 free coins)
GG! Thanks for free coins :)
2 FREE COINS!?!!?!!?!11?!1?
cool free coins ;D
please use j blocks
lol i played like 5 of the newly rated levels in the recent tab
Really cool level
GG! 2 coins
cool
OMG ITS IN RECENT OMGGGG
dang this is really cool sent !
Nice
Coin:Salto friamente calculado en el 88% :)
Se viene Daily.
the level is pretty, but the ship gameplay is sooooooooooo annoying !!!
daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
wait why is this not epic rate
nivel de mierda malardo feardo 
i am 1000 liker
Really cool looking but the 68% transition is not great
gg :)
super clean :)
HyperCreator
this was ok, but the gameplay is a little lacking. :)
welcome back
epic level
Amazing!
1 coin!
HyperD
I hope this level is still enjoyable to play even for it being quite old. I did nerf many parts. ^^
muuuuuuch better than the previous version. not bad!
Beautiful Level bro ;)
So much more fun and enjoyable with the nerfs, great balance update :D
1 coin!
The ufo part is cringe
h
gg 1 att 1 coin
gg
GG! :)
gg
Fluent work. :)
shocking
Feliz martes    \ ^-^ /
jiji
gg extreme demon
ay glad to see this finally rated!
i like this level it is so cool
banger song
GG 11 attempts one coin
Create a new style is not easy, 5 months of work :)
Needless to say, this is epic.
yes robtop , theres worst levels than mine that have epic
bonito nivel, hasta exploto mi celu 2 veces
Very neat damn
very buggy
Report any bugs please uwu
GG! :)
Quien se podra pasar este nivel con el portal espejo?
Masterpiece.
robtops standards for epic are incredibly unbalanced
No epic T~T
Decoracion unica. Efectos hermosos. Gameplay incomodo. 
Bug Fixed* Fixed transitions*
187,000 Stars, GG! :)
Why is this Easy demon LOL
i can't understand why this isn't epic
Cool :0
WHERE IS THE EPIC?!
Abstract Haze complete!!! Bugsss ;:(
Like, if you hate dislike bot ->
Yooo 300 dislikes,did i will get some icon for the achievement? lmao
If you guys find bugs or something,please let me know.i will fix it ASAP (like so others know)
neat level
#Indonesianjay
@Dislike botter- I hope both sides of your pillow are warm tonight
coin 1: Dont tap black orb at 20% Coin 2: Dont tap green orb at 31% Coin 3: Up at 63%
just got dislike botted
like the level so dislike bots wont take over
aku Masih Bermimpi :v
WAIT WHAT?!!!!,IN JUST 1 FREAKING HOUR HOLY CRAP
Dream it's mimpi in indonesia ;) Love from indonesia.. This level so hard
gg bang
LMAO
Fact
I am Indonesian player,not from malaysia :>
mimpi means dream.
1K Likes in 2 days,GG!
You = Everyone that played this level 
Makasih gan
Quieres
yo quiero comer salchipapa
Like si kunno es kk 
Ya pero que quieres?
mi hermanito en el supermercado:
YOO??
VRYMEEEERRRRRRRRRRRRR
Yo quiero tocarte una teta
AWESOME LEVEL VRYMERDE :D
Quieres? *pone cara de la roca*
you're seriously the gucci of creators everything you touch looks so inexplicably awesome
quiere pene
yoquiero
yo quiero taco bell
Nice job :)
pass 999999 let's move it up
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
yo quiero tetas
quiere pene
y si no quiero q
Rabotayu tri dnya, bez zarplaty.
Fantastic! You have such creative ideas all the time. You're an amazing creator.
ussr industrial factory type beat
Souz neryshimii.
would be nice to see some more backround deco but this looks and plays awesome
Stalina na vas net
glad this is a masterpiece and i finished it first out of the whole entire gd community :)
Very creative, you have a lot of potential. Keep it up!
stalin staralsa cous raspalsa
nice russian level bro, top 44
you're a gosh darn genius
seeing this level get rated, and being at the top of the top leaderboard, it just makes me cry. :,)
This twist on the factory style is so well-executed! Great job as always, dude! :D
CCCP
 gde zarplata?
CCCP
Pass is 656585! Like?
#miedo
ia svolil c zavoda yra
robots!!! march!!!!!!!!!
Hmm, you thought you could leak SG in your level, very sneaky..
Good level, sent :)
GG 1987 user coins lmfao (five night fredy refrenc)
Vraiment cool mec.
super clean, love it :)
I died reading the text msgs... Guys dont look your cellphone while driving 
oh mon dieu un niveau francais etoile....
#freenoobas
definitely your best, great work :)
Que pro
j arrive pas a croire qu il y a un niveau avec un titre francais mdr
je comprends un truc ici ??? C'est illgal !
cry about it
super, nice level!
GG 1 coin! ;)
fast rate arcanin pro
fantastic
que pro gibji
gg
j' ais rien sentis LOL
wow i remember this. turned out awesome good job !
thank you so much to everyone who built in this, it's a huge weight off my shoulders to see this out
thanks for letting me have a part, its extremely messy but its my second part ever give me a pass
FIRST VICTOR AYYY
i cannot believe this is real
GG! :)
GG, got really unlucky with this but still had fun :)
This was so nerveracking!
shoutout to zappiks for being smelly
fortitude nft dropping soon....... be ready......
glad to have a part in this and to finally see it out ! lets goooo
Probably the best insane demon i've played. GG
1106 attempts. Fluked from 48. Level is great but there are some bad clicks near the middle. GG
fluke from 16 
Man, I hate XL levels. althought this one is very fun. might do it
this level is underrated asf wtf this gameplay is amazing
One of the most fun click-sync levels I've played in a while, nicely done!
gamer moment
yall are tripping if you think this is anything other than an insane demon
yeah do that
"Tap for the coin" | Me : *click but didn't have the coin...*
AMOGUS!?
Duck2882667328 gave this to me when he took a break and when i didnt had cp , i improved the level
OH ITS DUCK2882667328s OLD LEVEL LOL
nah I don't want to jump
GG! 31k stars :)
I liked.   GG
like if u found the "lol jump" secret
thanks for using my song :)
900 coins achieved! [4,063 stars | January 25, 2021 | UTC-8:00]
why
gg
hypno74 is cool
/\/\/\                                                                                             
Thanks thazm I like your level "Paralysis" by Thazm
why was there a spike there :((((((
LOL I THOUGHT I WAS PLAYING IN PRACTICE
Very well it do glow, GG!
27 attempts, the coin, GG!!!
duck
oh cool 30cp lets go
the best part about this level is the comment at 15%
the spider part is cool
Anyone else find the message where it says: i actully hate you?
pov: you accidentaly got the first coin and now the creator hates you
._.
POV: You like Caves & Clifs update
gg all coins in the final ufo click (or tap we love mobile users :)) when there is a red dot
Actually, I hate you!
Nice
love this, really cool vibes
Muy buena decoracion, muy buen gameplay. merece epic
pretty creative honestly, loved the ball part
fake a might by lunarsimg
did this really just happen
GG! :)
HMMM
why?
START DISLIKING NOW! THERES A SECRET AND WHEN YOU GO TO IT IS SAYS THAT HE HATES YOU
i hate you too JOKE
It's so lonely here..
Simple but amazing, maybe more glow in some parts could be better!
Shaggy, you're violating my quarantine. I'm unable to remove you from the restricted area
I see light... In the form of stars and featured.. :D
My quarantine is pretty much over but let's keep this as a clean place ;)
a
Update: LDM + Bug fixed and gp balance at start - 73%
Like Si Estas Antes Del Rated...
Like: Epic  Dislike: Featured
like for GD dislike For Free Fire
RATE ----->
Epic except unpredictable bugs
Pass is 200019. Like so others can see :)
Hermoso nivel, desbalanceado el GP pero hermoso nivel, he disfrutado cada minuto viendo su creacion
Like Si Amas a Tu Mama
like si estas aqui antes del featured :")
cool :)
Like: Epic | Dislike = no rate | Ignora = Fan de yolo
only good vibes
Like si crees que Danolex Hace buenos Niveles
la mejor parte es cuando te lo pasas y no lo vuelves a tocar
like si viste como esta maravilla fue creada :3
Me encanto amigo, sigue asi, Good Vibes
You never fail to impress me Danolex.. <3
like si quieres que ya le den rate :)
GG Nice Danolex :D
like - boy; dislike - girl; ignore - trans
Like if you Hate Homework
I love sex.
Thanks for verifier perms n all that jazz
like if im gay
Like if you want to delete covid-19
nice
why does rob give epic worthy lvls feature and star worthy lvls epic
genshin impact
go demarcus
Either aether or nether looks so nice
Damn, I remember pouring some water into a glowstone portal in minecraft
Why do all of these "like if" comments end up at the top, they dont have anything to do with the lvl
I really love this level, i wanna beat this!
gg
glad to be a part of this level : ) my part is at 36 - 41%
ez first try
GGGGGGGGGGG! 9258 attempts
this name might be added to minecraft
The coconut Exploded
Guys I think you can't skip the orbs
flow
GG! 97 attempts, fun level but I died at 98% lol ;)
DarkSlow Race
moy gp zadekorili
no idea how to feel about this level tbh
if you have to put trigger orbs everwhere then you can't make gameplay
I agree with the title
worst bug level. Don't play this
fun hard demon
Funny Gameplay
GG! First Victor! :D
buggy ass fu-
epic
31% bug bad level
And who rated that medium demon btw
pov: this is a medium demon with very unpolished gameplay
im max
@ZoidM no you're not
-_-it s hard demon!
This gotta be the longest song name ive seen in gd wtf is this
Neato
I like how many glow styles on one lvl
1ST COIN: Jump at 6% where there's an arrow
Let's goo guys :)                                                                        
only cool people can smash dislike on  this comment
felicidades por las estrellas chavales, buen nivel
all coins!
GG :)
GG's. 2 Coins. Awesome song choice! Very fun! =')
GG
gg, also i love this song
1 attempt yoohoo
Can't wait for that rate :)
Dislike: Kunno  | Like: NGTOffcialGOD
Gg
Gg Team!
no me lo creo, otro feat, gg NGT
GOD
my 25,000th star, gg good level
very pretty, just wish some of a gameplay was a bit better, nice work :)
Really cute, agreed with mr. SpKale though
Hey dude nice level!
I want to apologize for all the errors in my level, I am trying to fix all the errors
bad sync and disgusting gameplay
i find this level pretty hard for a 6 star but gotta say it looks good 
really cool coins buyt some orb timings are really awkward
Neat, but gameplay is pretty bad because especially of annoying timings and sightreadability imo
nice
Like this if you never look in the Magic Tab
I really love that art style, but I hate the gamplay :/
need to fix ball jank, other than that amazing level
A 9 year old can make the gameplay better seriously 
It has some spectacular mechanics, and the coins are quite fun!
Congratulations for your first cps friend! <33
my font! thanks for using it :)
Pretty cool!
GG, primer featured...
congrats first CP!!! :D
uhhh i think its a hospital design?
Remember. It is illegal to say RobTop makes mistakes.
Straight to jail
robtop L + ratio
THIS IS UNFINISHED
"naah it's good enough" somebody said
This is pretty cool, hope to see it finished soon!
What if we say you made a mistake Rob? :sunglasphere:
Oh well at least I get free food
this seems like a level that would be in a 2.2 gauntlet i like it.
gg! for coin: grab hearts at 4%, 50%, and 87% :)
This level is under construction. Sorry for the inconvenience.
now it's finished xd
Yey finalizado y rateado! :D Fue un honor haber participado :)
GG! fue un honor haber participado :D
Hello totally not RobTop's alt account ;)
Do a first cp rate wave it would be so awesome
where is my stars bruh
lag
Glad to see it's finished now.
Aww come om RobTop, everyone makes mistakes... so why is it illegal to say you did?
i can't see gameplay...
These transitions tho :/
i will slap you with a fish stick
this is so cuber
I cant barely see the gameplay.
This is nice but i also quite literally cant see anything im doing
This plays like ass
Very original, but the gameplay is way too obscured by the effects
nice deco but bad gameplay
why is this level named after a drug in south africa
i cant see gameplay because of all of the effects
bro I literally couldnt see anything I had to put my face closer to the screen :skull:
gameplay 9/10. efects 99999/10. deco 9/10. my eyes -99999999/10
Cant see anything  :(
Nice effects and cool concept but I cant see anything
no veo nada
Like if you want no school
good idea but... i can't see anything (" ._.)
impossible to sightread..
Really cool concept, its sad though because the gp being unrightreadable brings the level down.
the
How to discribe this lvl in 1 word ? AWESOME
the singers accent is more broken than my financial state rn
please check northfq levels, they are awesome :)
scariest ending ever
hey i didnt put the spike at the end
LMFAOOOOOOO
that's not fair i was drinking juice
we did it :) absolute wicked level!
y'all better make the screen zoomed out for 2.2 free fly mode
:)
man......
esta hermoso
epic
GG. Muy buen nivel, sin duda el rate lo tienes merecido :)
all coins!
yes
Dios nos ha abandonado
GG all coins! ;)
the spike at the end causes cancer
Cool level :)
Coin 1:item en el 3%,Coin 2:en el 40 %,Coin 3:salto en la parte final (95%) :)
Maravilloso <3
woufehryufvoygieu8ig,e9iuyl8f9u9ugiy,r940ofiu8hd9g0ir.uigd9n bgioj.hdgigbtbdhtg
thus is my 1000th user level complete, ty <3
que es esto vico
Ignore my percentage, the answer is 21
Epico 5 Attemps :D
Buen nivel
design are so neat love it..
Like for create tanjun 3
<3 Nene Yashiro, i Like.
Nice :0
cool level i spit on old people
Really nice drop desing :O
colorblind ppl cannot pass this,and im one of it
super clean level, gg!
I LOVE THIS LEVEL SO MUCH :D
nice!! in the loli final
:D
who ever likes this earns a cookie :)
Comment flagged as Pizza.                            [Eat]
Tip: They have to be facing each other to pass a level
this wont get noticed so i can safely say im a furry
Cant be reunited because there is covid
like for no school
<3
Soy el unico que no entendio un carajo? Nisiquiera se como gane.
Reach level 16 for 3 coins, still a pain.
Thanks for wasting 6 minutes of my life
Like if your a silver coin grinder
mine glitched and it was just one image for the entire level...
i cant control anything???
?
lol auto level
this level is so cool. i wonder how you did it.
i stuck at bloodshot
no se porque me va lageado:(
Sometimes when I loaded into a new room, there was a bug where I couldn't see any objects.
oh my, this is awesome why doesn't it have more likes, like...  wow <3
1st coin at 57% - second coin pick up a key at 66%
1 att
this is the most 2017 thing i've ever seen
I love the song and the level, they mix very well :3
Go 12k
both coins!
I AM STUPID
27 hours with this level of quality is impressive on its own
xD buenas noches
#9 global rank :D
top level!!! :))
2k stars!
if i die at 69% ill end this streem
Nice one!
Good Gooooooood
GG
gg
yo my brother is in the level
frick
GG! BRO
ommg 9+10=21 lolololll xdddddxdxxddd
twennyone
whats the purpose of school if we forget almost everything at the end of the year
you guys got it all wrong, 9 + 10 = 5028494300105885750100585902024884055040.48024
click to get 100,000,000                                                                  [HERE]
this comment will now be buried under the daily chat, never to be seen again
10+9=19 are u stupid
daily chat is full of 6th graders today
top comment :)))))
whats 9 + 10
this level is more bland than the taste of water
if HarryPoggers gets another top comment im gonna kill myself
NO-ONE SAID HI I WILL BURN AND JUMP IN A POOL OF WATER AND TURN INTO COBBLESTONE OR OBSIDIAN
this is pretty poggers ngl
top comment literally does not matter lol
21 guns
test☆
if she's a furry then she's your pet not your girlfriend
we have the fire shard, ice shard, poison shard, shadow shard, and lava shard. When poop shard?
gaming
cool level i spit on old people
so apparantly troll face moans?
trol
"Alright, yeah I beat it." - A man who has not beat it.
this gameplay turns me on
so my day was going great
nerfed 98%
super fun gameplay and clean designs, i wish it gets Epic <3
Also the password is 69420 :)
TYSM FOR THE EPIC RATE
8 stars
this is so fun
Really good :)
81 attempts (+ 3 coins). #1611
thank you all
also, fun fact, this level syncs perfectly to the practice mode song lol
You love sightreading a Bunch demon without practice 8)
Coin1: 8% Coin2: 56% Coin3: 98%
my mom heard the moaning and now she's getting the belt wish me lu
how are people saying 4 or 7 attemps when i keep jumping and dying at 21%
like if you like chicken
gg :) coins: jump at 12%, tap late on the red orb at 72%, and jump at 83%
lihakeitto perkele
Good level, sent :D.
kottsoppa
i love your style bro bro
lihakeitto = meat soup in Finnish, Im Finnish xD
1st coin: 13% - 2nd coin: 74% - 3nd coin: 83%
suomalainen lihakeitto
Good map, sent for easy 2 moons :)
who would of guessed, an actually epic level in the recent tab!
im bad editor on gd :( you good the creating level
onks keitto nam nam
perinteinen lihakeitto saatana
GG
lihasa keitto on
taso on liemi ja pelaaja on liha...
For anyone non-Finnish, "lihakeitto" (the map's name) literally means "meat soup". xdd
GG!
Fun Fact: Lihakeitto means Meatsoup in Finnish.
cool level but bad gameplay
most unsightreadable lvl ever
omg im a rated level
Dying to your own part be like:
I don't like unreadbale gameplay like this but i guess it's good to have these levels around too
kinda wacky gameplay and weird pacing
first rule of decoration: Never abuse fake spikes too much to make the level confusing.
gameplay is suck, terrible transitions
annoying
Cool but it's the most confusing level ever. Gameplay is litteraly unsightreadable
If Rafer made a level that was un-sight-readable
Wow this is really bad gameplay
not a fun level to play
i havw been cofuzzled confoozled and bamboozled and im not happy about it
ungg, really bad transitions, boring and very annoying gp, most unsightreadable level that exist, rating 9/100
nice demon ?
please stop using decorations that look like spikes
Thanks to every builder ;)
bro wtf is this decoration, it looks like a bad version of hinds ngl
my brain cant handel the first part
Chuc mung nam moi
COIN: Miss the second green orb at 6% and at 14%
132793 thats the pass if you cant read it
the quality drops in some parts, quite cool tho!
HAPPY NEW YEAR UWU
toaimaicu <3
111,000 stars
Tet vui ve nhe anh em! 
Waiting for a first cp rate session :(
feature 60 like 248 download
tet a
Pls do first rates
GG! :)
rate this robtop
177013
TeTa
aside from the transition at 58%, this is super clean! nice job!
with coin <3
toaij
toaij
I need 3 likes to be top comment
Nice
coin 1: jump at start and click the square orb, then go down at... you know it
ic ant believe they named a level after me
Petition for LDM:
get to the last ship,die and the cycle goes on cuz youre too incapable of adding a god damn ldm
coin1: touch trigger at 3% then go down at 18%
pls add a LDM ;-;
jugar en telefono da lag D:
so they make a level about my girlfriend but not me.... typical.
Fantastico :3
cute end screen
im not cute, im ugly.
GG
20,2k stars! h
GG for your featured!! :D
fuk last ship
LDM please
Pass is 002520 pls like
lol my eyes xd
very confusing to tell whats going on
Very hard to read this level
I can't belive that i'm seeing this on the recent tab
the gameplay is a big MEH for me
eh visto el nivel y espero alguna vez crear asi, a seguir son~ando
gameplay update: made gameplay less whack and easier to read after 60%
ta bueno
@tostone can you rate mono by imnoko
gg sw
Well, thats a weirdly threatening description lol. Good level! :)
OMG IS BEAUTIFUL <3
deserves epic
beautiful
bad gameplay
Like the level
GG nice level
sadly can't really tell where i'm supposed to go, otherwise cool deco
es un extreme demon disfrado!!!
gg 8 attempts, very hard to read
i feel like this almost has too many transitions
Good level, sent :)
gg on your first cp
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
This is the most unsightreadable ugly hard level I've ever seen
Interesting! :)
caca fries is an irl friend group :)
Keys at 10% (down), 21%-ish (up), and 44% (down)!
congrats!!!!
It took me over an hour of total play time to beat this and im not ashamed to admit it
GG! :)
salgo yo, ahuevo
GG 8200 stars
Nice Level GG :)
turned out quite nice :)
gg
Bro why this not epic feature??
demon
28.020eme stars
really good!
GGs dude! You deserve this feature!;)
Cool level! :)
GGGG :DD
Visuales decentes, pero las ideas del gameplay son un poco incomodas. Igualmente buen trabajo :)
i accidentally ate the coin
Tienes bastante potencial, aun asi creo que todavia podrias mejorar mas el nivel. Animo!
ni de joda es harder 7
please fix 51%
 
La cancion es mala, el nivel es bueno, solo por esta vez, sigo esperando algo original tuyo.
Muy cool!! la penultima parte no me convence mucho pero el resto es fabuloso c:
help
did your 3 year old cousin make the gameplay wtf this is awful
amazing! :)
El 51% esta bugeado arriba de 60fps :/
500 Likes GG
espanol gp
GG BRO epico B)
Epic!!!
xD
Bonito!!
Really clean and I like this style :D
why are the jumps at 60-70 randomly difficult
fake a might by lunarsimg
OMG!!! shaggy hi! :D
So many Koks...
this Part Sucks
84% for life :)
Awesome style, keep it up!
great level! but some design changes felt awkward and unessecary, still good though.
GG
why
this level is ok, but the trigger gameplay is absolute dogshit. i hate it.
GG
NOOOOOO
nice :)
im too stupid to get passed 7%
Petition to delete "L"
i suck kok
@AyZed nooooooOoooOoo u find my secret sus :(
gg.
1 like = 1 hacker banned from GD
so clean :o
0 FPS
Amazing level, should've been epic-rated :)
At the ufo part you can skip every portal and orb imaginable
How does this have 51k objects
bug fixed! ;)
Nice
best
:)
the end ran at 1 fps even with ldm
so buggy
Dont trust orange orbs
120 fps
Clean
bonito
GG
nice level
very cool
cool
this level would be so much more fun without the reverse hitboxes in the first wave and the scuffed ball timings ;-;
Peanuts
GG! :)
duracell
SIGNORE E SIGNORI
WHY DID YOU NOPE OUT THIS IS EPIC
just realized ive been playing one of the parts wrong this entire time
italian rate lesgo!
insane or extreme maybe
This was really fun to learn! GG
This level is actually fun imma gonna beat this rn
bruh this looks so fun
pass is 080808
gg, one of my first insanes.
ALF SI CP ALF SI CP
extreme demon
I stepped in the club boys.
GG fluke from 53
hdhshshhshhwhahaaaaa
one of the best insanes
ok guys sanek is sleeping rn so like this comment instead
sanya
sanya sanyok sanina
pls stop doing "like if" and "rate this" comments thanks
eto krash vashih podrug
they always ask what CaHeK is doing but never how CaHeK is doing:(
CaHek :) go v Brawl
You RuS? I yesss
privet CaHek :D
Sanek Parenek (Rycckiy poimet)
great colors!
sexy!!
Nice,but the two coins is hards
CAHEK Tb HY}|{EH HAM!
nice i like it
sickkkkkk
10 more downloads and it'll have 10k :ooo
sanya...
Seychas ochen mnogo sankov.
sanya verni sotky
not bad, but very repetitive
please make more interesting gameplay than just flying in the middle of the screen. 
Coin 1: Grab key at 32%, in ship Coin 2: Miss green jump orb at 67 Coin 3: Jump at 96%
Sorry, but this is so repetitive, and super boring, sorry.
New Skill Acquired: Master in Straight Fly
This should be a 4*
42 attempts to get all coins, that first coin is gnarly
THIS LEVEL IS SO BAD JESUS CHRIST
I cannot count how many times he hit copy and paste, trash.
a little too much c+p but overall well executed color and triggers wise
trash
MALDI
I always come back
GG 300 coins! hate this level
GG!! 38k Stars :)
Copy + Paste + Copy + Paste
what
lol 0 coins;(
wait this is not by viprin? 
worst level i've ever seen
Legend.
Special thanks to ovdfo, viprin, thezink, peter, devin, agsilver and everyone that helped with feedback :)
neodesign moment
the atmosphere is insane wow, im genuinely impressed ausk :)
everything is far
everything is far
cool
pleasantly surprised by this one. the second half especially is very well done
GG! boring
TOO LONG
That played with my feelings.
Awesome
pretty different, but in a good way. Great execution here
Muito bem feito, parabens
definitely something way different from you
gg on first extreme demon
bruh why do the names kill you
Great work man! Really like the style you went for this time :)
it's honestly insane to see you improve so much. keep this up please man <3
i died to a name :|
USING A WAVE AS AN INDICATOR TO HOLD IS  genius wtf
awesome level
who ever dislike bottes this should slice thier arms with a razor
The wave troll to make us hold is 8000+ IQ
here before rate ->
Like if you alway like RobTop's comment
Why so many dislikes
lol the ldm looks so empty but that's a real ldm for once lol really cool designs bro
Nice
dislike botted?
like si bts es caca
Luster...Luster...
I have potato PC
Fun level. Should be epic imo.
How????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
effects are dope but it's a tad messy in some parts, nice work overall
GG! :)
gg all coins epic? :)
gg
cool dislike
Petition for rate --------------->
10/10 Easy Demon gameplay.
this is how top players see bloodbath
This ahould be rated at least medium demon.
Like = Medium Demon, Dislike = Easy Demon
Aqui los que estuvieron antes del rate----->
Like if from Nexus :)
Just letting you know that it isn't a Bloodbath remake and this is an easy demon
Masterpiece
Me encanta :D
nooooooo..........
100 likes y me le declaro a mi crush :v
todos : vengo del video de nexus      yo : jaja bloodbath chikito 
Dale like a este comentario si te cae mal kunno
GG
Like por Michigun /\/\/\
i think is a medium demon
el ultimo like tiene mama eterna
brooooo they created a Bloodlust for noobs. I love it!
fu*k this game
This level is so bad
How is this supposed to be 4 stars, i cant tell what kills me at all
everybody gangsta till son id is 34
Awzer insisted that I transfer this level to my account, so I did. Please show her some love, as this project was her idea.
laki put too much into this for it to be on my account, especially after Divide. show some love!
Dude this is so cool
Coin: jump at 1% for a key and then appears at 16%
pretty bad gameplay
like if ur name is not robtop
laaaaaggg
wow song id: 34 xD
Password is 262626!
where is the coin?
I like the deco! The gameplay, not so much...
i don't like this
stunning deco but gameplay is a little clunky, still good level despite some lag issues
this is not a 4 star lmao ive played demons easier than this
song id 34
Thanks Rob!! Although this is a fast rate you have no idea how satisfying it is to see this after months
dislike
fluked from 99%
if your in a plane and a guy opens the door you will die or something
A nice chill start to 2022 with my new air/wind/storm themed easy demon, hope you enjoy
Great level, GG! :)
gp is unbearable
31 attempts (+ 2 coins). #1621
it seems like you guys either love or hate this, i made the most polarizing level ever
quite fun!
gg 8 attempts wtf
love the colors, really pretty level
OlekiBangerOlekiBangerOlekiBangerOlekiBangerOlekiBangerOlekiBangerOlekiBangerOlekiBangerOlekBangerOl
Really good job! thanks for letting me verify 8)
woah this level is reaally cool and fun! i enjoyed this
super weird gameplay
#83, 99 attempts, Very relaxing tbh. ^^
Like this comment for nothing ---->
GG 25,000 stars!
nice.
every didgit is 7 for the password
of course
Fantastic as always Adonay ;)
BEATen in 12 attempts with my left hand because my right hand was doing something else - mutitasking
Love the atmosphere!
The glow is awesome o:
Glow levels like this from creators like you will be rated. Thanks for letting me play this level.
yoooo this is so good level
Nice :)
Claim you before-rate ticket herererererere- - - - - - - - - - >
amazing work! :)
Hola :v
great job
nice
8500 stars gg
cool :)
very nice! :D
gg 1 attempt
Cool! :)
very nice c:
nice designs:)
GG, 3 attempts :)
This Monday will be rather blue
You released this on a sunday, also there is no blue. Unsubscribed
very cool
How does it feel to treat me like you?
It is amazing to see another epic level from you Whirl, good job :D
when the weather man said that there will be up to 40 cm of snow tomorrow ._.
Like if you saw fish easter egg
real trap shit
Garfield Approved 
h
Green Tuesday when?
Nice
or yellow 
WHY DID I GET A [Demon Key] FROM THIS???
anybody see the thing at 18%
i like seeing people experimenting with new visuals instead of rehashing the same style
blue vibes
i love new order
Hello WhirL Geometry Dash
a 25 fps XD
this dude used literally every transition there is
Pretty nice colors! I found the amount of transition screens to be pretty distracting, though.
not bad, could benefit from some more details and smoother movement options
couldve saved a lot of groups by not having different white transitions every 2 sec :/
calling epic or at least feature, transitions suck ass though
epic and daily
How many transitions do you want to put into a level? correct answer: yes
way to many transitions
don't like how the transitions play over the gameplay but designs are great. cool backgrounds!!
pls remove the transition animations, they are super annoying
Transitions are a tad too frequent and blinding but super cool otherwise
average transition comment
im so happy i died
:3
Increible, el espacio es el espacio, pero esto es una maravilla...
great level :)
gg
transitions are tsk tsk tsk
awesome!
hows this not featured lol
Creators: Rawin, Sley, dominus, KINGTONY, Lake, Subwoofer, disp; Hosted by KINGTONY and disp
christmas! just a week away!
yooo
( o_o)-    o (>_< )\o
disp
Featuring: HTigerz, flash, koolboom; Playtested by: Ardouru, mbed, Gormuck
Liked this a lot more than I though I would, exellent work!
MERRY CHRISTMAS!
Awesome level :)
dispmas
late to the holidays??? thats what im sayin!!!
Banger
Probably medium demon, GG very fun.
thanks for letting me build in this
e
hi disp
I'd rather play this than go outside in -20 degrees :)
wow love this level but i bit too hard for an easy demon
remember when easy demons were easy demons
Thanks to everyone who worked on this especially disp!!
Me liked, me enjoyed, me sent.
Cool! Quite repetitive but overall it's great :)
nice level lfemboy
looks solid and fun to play
Wont mod this. hopefully you do not your first send!
Thank you all for the support! I will be working on more projects soon :)
Honorable first player this play masterpiece level
Im also a femboy :)
Will send this to mods. Hopefully you can get your first rate!
big balls in rotzel's mouth
hello your computer has a virus
my computer got virus in 1 attempt wow
FEMBOY CP
Hell yes, LFemboy (LTater) has the BIG BOY POINTS
Awesome work! I can see all the copy and paste though, try to keep that down for next time :)
that joke wasnt funny the first time and its not funny the 27th time
Coming back briefly after 2 months to say congrats dude
pretty repetitive + ends pretty suddenly, decent deco though
*Insert Nepesta Kenos reaction here*
you broke the chain...
really unbalanced, your part is the same as the last collab, also pretty messy in most parts.
Glad I worked with you, thanks for the invitation <3
looks nice
huge thanks to NagromX for playtesting!
bonne sante
mama mja andre glow god
men
why did you stop using jump indicators in the 4x speed part? thats when i need them most!
lest goooo
gg
GG Men 6 CP ;)
ggs andre!!
"Dont tap" *sees spike* *clicks anyways*
some pretty annoying gameplay ngl
eh gg
39,900 stars :)
Stefanos' part is my favorite tbh.
ca fait presque 1 mois bg
Bonne annee les p'tits potes
pourquoi le titre est en fr ?
Good level my mom likes it
first croc rate of 2022, can't wait for the next 85 rates by her
being born increases your death rate to 100%
This is so fun!
the gameplay is horrible
"This has a really nice gameplay for being a Braeden level" *Reaches 51%* "Oh..."
i love how the gameplay is so unbalance but the deco is so cool
genial
I really like the gameplay and the design in this level!!! :D
gg bellisimo nivel
the gameplay is p bad, but the deco is cool
My dad approves of this level.
rainbow seeker is just another way of saying gay virgin
cool
new favorite level!
isn't even that hard.  very fun level, but yeah probably an 8*
GG :)
i need uldm for this part :(
pis
Cool
Really nice
This level is the literal opposite of my dad
Woahh, I like dis O.o
Yooooo! Its Out. Thanks again for letting me playtest one of ur masterpieces :D
GG! :)
YOOOO LETS GOO, shouldve been epic tho imo
FINALLY GG!!! My first insane demon level :D
Amazing deco, amazing gp : amazing level
Found complete!!! Insane? 
I'm SO happy this is out! Hope it get's Epic :D
GG!
I found my new favorite demon:) 2.346 atts , Good Job Creator!
probably the fastest i've beaten an insane demon. could be a hard to be honest
GG Rowan
gg rowan/
791 atts finally
ya trahal vashu mamy
gg my new favorite insane demon
Amazing gp!
super fun, GG! 1700 demons!
ladies and gentlemen i have reached 2000 stars
Pretty neat level, but it's very repetitive.
if this gets 10 likes, ill get drunk
Coins: 1: 26-29%  2: 56-64% 3: 95%
this got featured with 45 downloads lol
i love your levels sooooooo much i loved thum for 2 years just a big thank you
76.000 stars 
GG! All coins :)
13k downloads
thanks all
tostone stop begging
confused about what objects are real and what arent
mald harder
thats sus, i built this on mobile. not sure whats wrong with ur device
awesome
Like if you hate online class >:(
nice
gg
Gg!!!TopNum91:) 3Coins
h
Enjoy my new solo work!
here b4 rate
not bad, although would be cool if you could upgrade block designs a bit, but overall... not bad.
..
this is really good!!!
gg! 13 attempts.
GG 1 att
3att
h
isnt it a bit late for chrimas trees, not sure really but cool level
gg.
This Featured
Noice :)
Good Colors... :)
#GreenUserPower Rob
1 att GG!
rate this now
Awesome :)
._.xd
Piola xd
This gameplay is so weird
I just want to inform you that this doesn't change the fact that Australia is *wider* than the Moon
worse dizzying heights
Not very fun
the level tries way too much and ends up looking messy and unpolished; also work on ur gameplay
IM THE KING OF THE SKY LETS FLY HIGH!!
YEET THE PLAYER  ......... in the air if you do nothing.
i really like this map good job frien
trash
Gameplay is more awkward than me and my crush at a 8th grade dance
I playtetsed now give me cp in return @picaaaa
the gameplay is actually pretty okay if you follow the indicators, hard to sightread tho
8% gang ?
why are karens disliking comments about the gp
So cool :)
waiting for picaaaa demon ->
G
thank you soo much for the gameplay feedback i will make sure to make better stuff soon!
The deco is really cool but the gameplay it's a bit weird. GG 5000 Stars tho :)
Not much a fan of the gp, but this looks good!
me when im speedrunning terrira with my balls dipped in hydrochloric acid
valid
dog of wisdom
i've never seen a level so sightreadable and so unsightreadable at the same time
lets marry corde,ux
this makes me sadatapata
someone dislike botting the awarded levels lol
hard to learn and some questionable clicks
GG CORD!!!!!
guys i verified a bugfix update. youre welcome
also rate end of a year by itsrobianny :)
@cordeaux based...
Dog of wisdom
bro i choked
lol level naned HAPAPAPATAATTAPAPAPA get awarded 
im a mobile player. :(
hi im flaww
No me gusta
me when hApAtApAtA
HOLY CRAP FIRST MOBILE VICTOR PROOF ON MY YT SECOND INSANE DEMON 4 DEATHS AT 97 AND 1 AT 98 AHHHHHHH
Robtop rating while im in school
i completed this level in a food truck
beautifulllll <3
thank u for using my song !! :0 also we stan brakence
good lvl but the music is sucks
If you are reading this comment, Have a nice day!
I like this level.
OH MY GOD IT SAID THE BAD WORD OH MY GOD GUYS
GG :)
good song
GG!:)
tonights is actually no good nowadays
entretenido gg
amazing level just the songs not the best
que wonita song, apoya mucho a la ambientacion del nivel uwu
please help me out by going to my profile and answering the question i have there, thank you !
most levels with lyrics is bad but this one, ill make an exception
1 attempt gg
gg
Z
Mr. Gawno <3
Coin 1: hold 3% / 2: triggers down at 59% and middle 64% / 3: skip 2nd green orb at 90%
Fun level! The gameplay is so good
Fun :)
incredible gp
mr. gowno
Noice, I love the song 
8 stars tbh
Lo unico bueno aqui es la pinshi rolita hermosa
fire level as always
gameplay slaps
fun level; gp is extremely fun tbh with ya
1.9 nostalgia is that you?
cool
<3
fun level!
super fun
all coins!
Harder 7? Esto es un Insaneeeee
really fun and clean
hey cwek 103.23.112.3
Im gay but no ones gonna see because there are too many comments
why is the top comment about me
this should be easy demon just because of how bad the gameplay is
Side note: This level was made during mid-late 2020 :)
still a great level , sent :)
Like and i will eat myself
How to get top comment: Step 1- Get mod or girl | Step 2- Write "Like this if you are mobile player
Waiting for DanZmeN to comment ._.
yo mama so fat she makes jupiter look like a pennie
This is demon , like if you agree
danzwoman
Danzmen: why its level not about me? Why it about DanFem?
500 likes!
finally beat on laptop, why am i so bad at cube game ;-;
I remember Eduptal uploading this to his acc. Did it not get enough attraction???
Do people just bash a level with "BaD gAmEpLaY" when they can't beat a 9 star in one att? LOL
when the danz is female
danZwoman knobbelgirl anything else
realwhata, what happend? squid games !!
omg a mod level in recents
omg a rustere in top liked comments
holy
Me when I
Like if you come from nexus :)
This is so good.
domino
one of the most interesting design megas to come out in a really long time, great job everyone
very clean
pass 015973 like coment plz :(
I made glass sandstorm o.0
holy W
that wave is so cringe
GG, amazing job to all involved, I enjoyed the untraditional gameplay quite a bit :)
some cohesion issues here and there but otherwise this is awesome
holy W
this is sexy dominus  pls kiss me 
Fun Fact: Nobody cares if you're here for Nexus
im glad i could help host, turned out neat
GG! 105 attempts, I love the sync and atmosphere :)
Si lees mi comentario, quiere decir que eres un verdadero pro :)
GG on first CP Kazia :)
Coins: 1. at ship, look up. 2. Miss the mini portal in ufo. 3. at wave, self-explanatory.
oye tu! *si tu el que lee esto* sabes algo? (Eres el mejor!) :3
kazia cp arc has officially begun
oh by the way, akinawoo makes much better stuff nowadays so make sure to check them out LOL
thank you for 1k likes! ill fix the transition at 68% tomorrow sorry yall :((
this transition was ass
TRANSITION
the
cool
i like the 2nd coin, you have to think outside the box, very clever
THIS IS SICK
so easy and relaxing great level
hi me
Me gusta :)
Skip the mini portal to get the second coin
fixed a bug that broke the level, no clue why that happened sorry yall
TwT
this is gonna be daily 
like = featured                                                         here
like if before feature            >
Me
Not bad, sent :)
good level :D
Por que
Dislike porque no salio la Manaos 
wow incremania
Came here from Arrowmote also really nice level i love it <3
GG BROOOO
here before featured? cool.  am proud
Naaaah weno GG! por el featured
coins: 8%, 98% (free)
Vamoo' manaos (^~^)/
gg level verified!
Very nice colors and relaxing atmosphere. Nice job :)
23 :^)
GG! nice design
Dou
VAMOS MANAOOOOS JAJAJAJAJA
if this gets likeb.otted ill eat rotten cheese
electrodynamix should be a easy demon tbh
Why robtop rate this
robtop when is 2.2?
si lees esto sabes matematicas y ingles :)
Like si hablas espanol xd
The 4 types of genishin inpact players: pedo/pedo/pedo/pedo
like if you love your mom
like si amas a tu mama
Unpopular oppinion: @AdvyStyles is a good person
Like si tienes pito xD
oh i see another like bot again
gracias por la dedicatoria, y buen nivel!
like if chinese eggman
HeLlO cAn U gIvE mE lIkEs
RobTop woke up!
I knew this was going to be daily!
like this comment to make me eat a sock
gg daily, coin free at end
gg! :)
- A WORLD OF EFFECTS, IT FIT US WELL -
Amazing
That day remember i want remember i thried
vamoooos!
bruh i straight up complimented this level and i got disliked lol
deserved epic imo :fire:
Nice deco, horrible gameplay
Really cool designs. I just wish they fit together better
w
i dont like homosexuals
this is so amazing. Calling now this will get epic, really great job to all of you!:)
hold? 5 Likes Level?
lets gooo
lag xd
GG bro the music selection is just perfect ;)
dubstep???????? les goooo
1000427?
is this reuploaded?
4k stars!!!!
Took a while to get it rated xD
The blind transitions ruin the level
like if advy should slice their arms.
gg all coins  (12%, 71%, 99%.) :)
Daily...?
a dislike-botter is in top comment,LETS FIGHT HIM!!!
f my eyes
repost if balls itch
wtfff sos nicaraguense o q
Abdula needs +1 cp to pass Optical. This could be it. GG!
daily chat goes brrrrrrr
bro dont dislike bot levels its messed up
nacatamal con cacao !
when i was a baby my parents died in   Space
Hello everyone!
pls dont dislike bot me :(
imagine dislike botting smh
gg ez fluke from 0 1 attempt gg
if u like this comment, i play ur lvl
Nicaraguense el pibe
get this to 15 likes
When the level is actual NFT, not about NFTs.
what is this gameplay
shit level
ofc its a koraii song 
how much for the level? lmao
if y'all keep saying this level is shit I will tell topala to delay 2.2 by exactly one entire minute
The Fitness Gram Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test tHaT pROgrESsIvEly gEtS hARdEr aS 
trash gameplay, trash deco, seems about right for a lvl made for crypto money
54 attempts. #1614
probs medium demon
wtf is this song..
genuine garbage, holy shit
gg 79 attempts. awful gameplay, and overused deco style
A free ticket to complete this level.                                                         [Take]
@ItsBon Fixed
annoying gameplay
#471 and 30K STARS; died a bit too much at stupid parts, however the deco was definitely eye candy. gg! <3
"Joke levels are serious business." -Pennutoh
a cuanto el nivel
@REALWHATA GG!
reuploaded because someone dislike botted LOL
sent :)
secret way fixed! thx spark for showing it
1v1 on clash RN DrCuber#9234
I almost sightread the whole thing wow
Pretty fun Gg! 8)
secret way aside, this level is actually really nice, i loved the clean designs and the gameplay :)
gg sw
secret way around 30%
Not many complaints, just fix up some easy bugs and it's a great 6 star feature!
GG! 1 coin
1 att gg
Good :)
here before epic rate
really fun, good job :)
h
wait whers coin
GG 1st attempt felt like i was gonna randomly die tho whole time, very fun level bro!
my favourite 6*, gg
1att 
Amazing level! just work in the transitions :)
20 likes and i will eat my legs
I dont like the blind transitions :(
This is niiiice!!
Good LDM?
shrak
Coins: 1st:13%, 2nd:56%, 3rd:96%. Very Easy xd
Nice :D
like this comment if you see this comment
Pass is: 050520 | Like? :)
1 like = 1 burger
SHARK
karens when they see the shark wearing the mask incorectly
     
GG! All coins! :D
like and i will eat a frying pan
be like sharky wear your masks
fire
I like this 8)
27,800 stars
Looks like someone is getting close to top 100 creators :Eyes:
You can feel the tranquility of the level :)
i am so good
15k user coins GG :)
all coins 1 attempts. really predictable coins tbh
Nice level!
cool
Gg!!!TopNum117:)3Coins
dieses Level ist usserst belastend xD
Coool
it got featured. day made
nice ! GG
good job on 45th cp!
Aster De Viva =)
Cool and chilled level! GG!
Kinda sight readable and un-sight readable, idk
TbI e67aH?
pretty
thx for being a good creator
:)
the townspeople saying "who asked" to isaac newton after he created the theory of gravity
Clorox tastes good. has "Minor" side effects
im pretty certain most people who hate fortnite have never played it
Very fun level, sent :)
2+2 is 22. The 22nd letter is V. V is 5. So 2+2=5.
rob going on GD after doing zero work all day to tell his 12 year old players they have small pps
fairy tales be like "mr. fruit fly built a 3 story watershed out of fairy farts"
im harmless
lIkE iF yOuR  NaMe Is NoT JoShUA
why is daily chat like this
daily.verygood.!
e
i honestly hate the gameplay
desiderium by davoboss?
thanks to you <3
mfs be like "i hate elder mods!!!" after getting banned for spamming racial slurs
why there     why there likebeg in top coments
do not like bot this. i swear.
no among us jokes please,this is an intelectual chat
I love this level I am glad to know that there are still creators who decorate with decofrom2.0
This is incredible :0
Wanted to say smth: Practice mode is recommanded for those who wanted to try it out :)
GG! 68 attempts, this looks great :)
oh and also, good luck and have fun!
remove the trash demon system
pass 463796
good but the dual was a massive chokepoint. should be heavily nerfed imo
GG! :)
Really good designs actually.
Update 1.02: 1 tiny annoying spike fully removed. Endscreen better fixed & LDM's now stronger
If you discover a bug or smth that could ruin the enjoyment of players, feels free to dm me 4 fix!
wait, do we really have the same icon and colors? xD
@GDLol64 ah lol
GG very fun :}
@GamerKnight750 btw, I like your level, it is very good and very well decorated ;)
Update 1.03: The dual is now fully fixed while the weird timing after the spider is now patched
GG
GG!! AWESOME LEVEL!
were is the epic tho
All I can say is that I am so proud of how far you have come as a creator :)
NO ONE wants to play with fire XdMaNIaC. GO AWAY!
this level is an accurate representation of my discord server
MOM IM TOP 4 IN THE DAILY LEADERBOARD, MOM ARE YOU PROUD? MOM?
so hot, my house burned down
damn bro i accidentally screamed show me your balls to an eight year old
que buen nivel :O
@wyvurn look i made a new level old man
fnaf fans when i show them how to stop looking at roxy r34
you cant say much luigi i saw your search history
mmmm balls mountain my favourite server
xer07 farting mashup (INCLUDES SLAUGHTERHOME)
gay fire
armstrong armstrong bad level
i am eating ice   cream
january is the sacred month for rates
why is everyone saying # ADVYOUT, i dont keep up with the gd community so what did he do
people who put the milk before cereal are having all of their future comments deleted
i walk around with a massive bon,er 24/7 to let these mfs know who's the hardest
incredible level
This is fun!
Dedicated to everyone who watched me build this on stream. Thanks yall!
noice >:O
from the mastermind behind connecticut rebirth
wow, this is actually impressive. :)
AFTER YEARS OF TRYING I FINALLY GOT A MOD COMMENT LETS GO
THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH I AM SPEECHLESS
Charming, even though it feels lacking at some point.
Very unique experience, love the glow usage. Nice job!
mind these nuts
LOVE IT! So whimsical :)
this needs epic
Congrats on your first rate!
Its a mind game ALONE that this is even out. Great work, Audieo!
pass 558558 like so more can see
quick update, fixed some transitions visually
cool efefect level
and its kinda sickening that this isnt featured yet
Congrats on your first CP Audieo :greep:
Get ready to unlock a new UFO..
mind gaming
really lovely, wish the gameplay was playetested more tho
Deco is awesome like it always is with you two. unfortunately the gp sucks
luigi jesus when
Dont forget that this level is not easy at all. A few practice runs and you should get it down.
pretty dope
The name is a joke btw. We did not spell it wrong.
this is the world record for most n words in 1 rated level
He took us
dope deco, but sadly very unfun
deco is good. gameplay was playtested by noone.
Amazing!!!
where tf is mario judah
WE ARE GRAVE ENEMIES.
que sigue? sonic judio? xdd
48% never gets consistent, i suggest moving the spike down
lets go
where the fu*k is mario juda?
GG! 217 attempts, pretty fun :)
pass:14789
this is the complete opposite of what i expected from you two. for the better in decoration, for the worse in gameplay.
Coin: there's a trigger orb right before the green orb at 1%
i cnat see anything
Water elemental EP is Good.
End of the project, gg bro nice one! 
I loved the whole series, you and the ones you collaborated with to help do the project did very well and I hope every level in your series gets rated
I can't see anything but it looks great! -RopTop
its difficult to see everything but otherwise looks pretty cool!
Amazing deco and design, and great level overall! :D
Super hard to read
finally a rated level with this song, awesome
Water ~~~ :))
1 coin!
GG :D
GG !!
17.700 stars :)
nice lvl
Este nivel merece epic con esa deco tan buena :)
GG! 1 coin
Nice work! :)
GG! 25000 stars :)
Started this in late 2021, uploaded in early 2022! :) 
who wrote the description hmm they must be AWESOME
wake me up
I did not expect to listen to a Bring Me to Life remix on this level. I did not.
sees #advyout *instant like*
W
Perfect logic: the end of 2021 and the start of 2022 are 2 years apart. Sure. Nothing wrong here.
Cute
not bad, I wish the end screen wasn't like 10% of the level tho
Have a Kai
GG 24100 stars :)
Still faster than RobTop..
I'm so happy to see a lvl rated with this song, thank you so much RealWhatta.
you're welcome pmcgregor
GG ! 116k Stars :D 09/02/2022
i started eating a steak at 23:59 31/12/2021 and finished at 00:05 1/1/2022 so i ate it in 2 years
GG!
gg
made in 2 years
GG on featere!
ah yes overused waifu art
Except music sync, this lvl deserved to be rated
This guy likes Zero Two
Not bad, sent :)
No Sabia Que Habia Tambien Otakus En GD
This is sweet tbh
very fun level with amazing animations!
otra vez
level is auto and insane at the same time
Cual es la necesidad de meter a zerotwo en todo el nivel a
Ay yo Its me
love this level and the anime <3
Featured and only 217 likes, wow
THE WARDOOOOO
GG!
incredible arts, great job guys!
GG por el nuevo ft bro :)
1att gg
when i see the title "rule the world", i thinked this lvl is a hell themed
GG my friend :)
happy birthday :3
EPIC UPDATE: Added 3 Free coins at the end!
i love.my.life
If you hate it blame the level not me.
Y perdi tiempo buscando las monedas y estan al final        D:
It's not every day you see a GD level with a song in 3/4 time!
no one tell rob about the free coins at the end :p
free coins :D
Im saying this is going to get daily :). If this ones right too, im going to explode :0000
thanks for free coins!
Its been a while since i saw a lvl with free coins at the end.
Thanks for the free coins :)                                                                        
GG 3 free coins :o
You gave free coins. You will come to heaven
Free coins :D
free coins :D
free coins? thx!
free coin :D
this is what makes my day
gg good level
Merry Christ...wait, thats a bit late 8) nice level
39,000 user coins! GG! :)
Either chrismas or not, this lvl looks awesome
Nice one!
Epic
GG! Feels like you gave up on playtesting after the first half lol
The gp is already improved, sorry for the inconvenience XD 
I love christmas levels on January
Definetly my and Baanz's best parts in the squad, glad to participate again :D
the second half is a disaster compared to the first one
Epic collab :D
Un placer estar en este Team =)
Feature 7 stars
gg
finally the gameplay in the 2nd half is the worst ive seen in long 15000 stars atleast!
Good job guys
Weird gameplay in some parts.
I wish I could tell what was happening
cool
Beautiful!
why do dislike bots need to exist
WHO EVER DISLIKE BOTTED THIS SHOULD HAVE A MASE SHOVED FAR UP THIER ASS AND TWISTED 360 DEGREES
gg 100 attempts absolutely horrible level, whichever mod sent this needs to star grind or quit
WHO IS DISLIKE BOTTING THESE?
secret way 70%
should've stayed 8 stars tbh
wow this is awful, gonna pass
its about drive its about power
dislike botted wth ???!
:(
did you know that this is not 7*
welcome to dislike bot hate club
saw the 8 stars for a second lol
I have never been so stressed playing a 7* before.
Can we normalize not calling levels horrible because we dont like them, thanks
why dislike? this level is good but i hate the gp
I've already spent like two hours on this lol
undertale - undertale
GG! Secret way =)
this is a nice and relaxing level but it would be much better if it was easier
when your friend who is new to the game makes better gameplay than most other creators :skull:
really good
Everyone gangster till you bollab with your friend
pov : tu te fais kidnaper par geps 
gg 2 attempts
Pretty fun :)
j'ai oublie :skull:
@Pwohna no
colorful level sent ! 
GG 24500 stars :)
j'aime trop gepsoni, parce qu'avec lui ya plein de francais dans les coms
nice
OOOOO
nice 1.9 level
@Pwohna no
This is cool, gj geps :D
Rate this Insane Or Easy Demon
Not too bad, but I think the ground being a complete opposite color of the main one is a turnoff.
@Pwohna no
:slap robtop: :wake up: Robtop: What the.. I gotta send this sorry. :( i cant leave it to ViPrIn.
fixed* cos it said REMOTE PLAET before 
easy demon your ass
GG! 23 attempts :)
The drop could use a lit more content, but overall pretty cool!
all the invisible spikes pretty much ruin what could have been an awesome level
easy demon my ass this is medium
This is so dope!!!!
ALSO HYPE
babe wake up, new ratquesadilla level just dropped.
oh my god i want to skip this level so bad this is genuine trash
THIS IS SO GOOD WTF
101 attempts. #1642
easy demon... this game is getting too hard wtf
very medium demon
medium demon
Since when are easy demons harder than Nine Circles?
one of the worst demon in the game, 140 attempts GG
"easy demon"
Nice aesthetic, from the song to the entirety of the level
feo level
romtop gimmie first epik ;-; plzz
I'm the one who's wet
just woke up thnks rob 
This comment is hacked You can liked 10 times is real prove it yourself 
verified by xxNuuun0 btw go sub to him :)
super awesome
i hacked this comment, you can like it 0,01 times
zylaku is a gay furry
Shoulda been epic ngl
finally an extreme with this song
ULDM on my account now
not insane
the song isnt banned newgrounds is down
GG
the rain falls hard, feel free to bring an umbrella
you have NO IDEA how much I LOVE CREO
this level rocks dude holy shit
robbed of an epic smh
I'm the one who is wet
Well you can get wet inside too so thats no excuse
Should definitely be epic, it doesnt even lag on this old iPad of mine!
cool :>
erquillo1 is cool
GG! 2022 great year
Me encantan los colores aqui 0_0
good level
nice level to play after playing demons all day. very enjoyable too, all coins
GG! All coins, 7,700 User Coins & 31,000 stars 19/1/2022 Dedicated to all my friends! :D
WHAT THANKS FOR THE RATE
if dubbayoo thinks it is epic worthy it is probably not
gg 5 attempts 3 coins
gg
h
arrownote is cool
GG! Free coins :) 2 atts and 12.8k User Coins!!
2000 stars
gg
GG
very cute 
pretty cool
Nice! :)
Awesome to see ya back! :)
Found it on magic section, your design is cool :D
Isogu deez nuts
Not bad, sent :)
vexesssssssssss
like to rate                                 (here)
Like If You Died Here
clean colors and fun gp, nice work
amazing :3
Imagine being here before this is the daily level
Really cool :)
what can i say eh...the level is...idk, its nice but idk GG
cool level but maybe it's 6 stars not 7
Nuevo top 1 de amigos
los ufos de este nivel me encantan y el wave es muy rapido el nivel es un 99/10
gg
i really like gameplay and levels!
should be rated
isogu ndeeznuts
Yo Plaus can you bring back my top comment pls?
guys like.bot your own comments at www.gdtools.xyz lmao☆
like if you know what roloc is backwards
im off to commit several accounts of arson, buh bye
Like if your name isn't robtop :)))
suffer the consequences >:) ☆
rip my comment, ill guess ill just have to dislike your comments then☆
filling a water gun with pee and spraying my friends with it [POLICE CALLED]  [FUNNY]  [SHREK]
Hey youre feeling cold? Try to stay at the corner of your room. Because its 90 degrees
what does kys mean?
I Hate Fire Aura Fr Fr
rip off of a game "Geometry Jump" totally 100% rip off
10 likes and i eat my brother
if this comment gets 4 likes i will delete it
hisuian qwilfish sounds really weird
Daily levels=Epileptic seizures
Good level
I have like.botted this comment thanks to www.gdtools.xyz, thanks plaus!
okay 3
Nadie de habla hispana?
good luck in your way to get better at modern style levels!
featured :)
HERMOSOOOOO
este nivel es epico eh esperado mucho y valio la pena :)
Es muy bonito, tienes un futuro en esto de crear niveles <3
;)
Pixel
GG andy re buen nivel ;)
nice :)
FELICIDADES ANDYY
buen nivel, muy merecido el rate, grande andy :D
Bien merecidas las estrellas, supongo que RobTop no le dio epic al nivel por no tener sobredeco
like si vienes de tik tok y felicidades por el featured :)
2atts, fun!
wow q hermoso
felicidades brou por las stars :D PD: me lo pase antes de que tenga stars y es un buen level
featured felicidades andy :^
que nivel mas bonito andy ^-^
GG xd
hermoso
Would you rather eat a grill chicken or an epic BACON!
Very unique but kinda weird gameplay. (Also this is 100% an 8*)
like = HARDER THAN BLOODBATH
i disagree with this rating
seeing levels like this make you ask how old this person is
solsta had the best part
plot twist: rubrub ate the chicken
gaming
THE!!
GG but this could be 8 stars at least uno?
It was destined to happen
amazing 1.9 level
Now I'm hungry.  Thanks.
thechickenisonfire
Grilled Chicken was a placeholder name but then MisterB made a title screen so the name stuck lol
all your rates completed again! this one is a bit unbalanced though :[
Level name is grilled chicken, my bad. . .
this comment is hacked
crilled ghicken
GG
Geometry
SSATTA
Love this one
Nice
pichurd do jeon
Another cool level I found in the recent tab.
DASH
Dolor de webos
gg really good
Pretty fun! Gg! :)
more like 8 star
GG!
gg
7 star? ...really?
Fun gameplay!
6.66MB :0
29.337eme stars
fun gameplay! :)
really hard for a harder level
absolutely love this gameplay but the ship part at 70% is very awkward
im so suprised that I didnt die at the end
coin at 27% up, inside the structure. Top 1 on leaderboards wtffff
i passed the wave at the first try and i was super scared
i had a stroke and the end part
difficulty balancing aaaaa i just had a heart attack at the wave part
Thank you for rating my map!
how did i pass the wave first try
Gente mi hermano al ver la parte final quedo convulsionando eso es normal?
Wanna hear a joke? 2.2
Coin 27% Estructura Falsa.... Top 2 Leaderboard :')
coins: use the secret passage next to the 26% spikes at the top.
This is really clean and fun, also, that wave is insane and super unexpected lol
where rate
Al primer intento me cague en el wave xD
1 attempt good level, wave part was... questionable
copyhack? or not? but cool level, i want star rate 
lol 1 att
Eso Si Que Son Colores Buenos! Nice Level! GG! :)                                              
dalily?
pizza
fun fact this level was verified on phone with a stylus (pen)
really cool decoration but i wish it didnt have the most obnoxious death effects ever
everytime you die in this level you get bullied like an emo kid named edmund in middle school.
A very fun medium demon! Also first victor pog
When you the he a when the when you at the the you the you when when at
can the when the people pls stop dying the the at the 17% brhu the when the the you h
by vlacc
man rlly went "im not gonna fix this bug, im js gonna add text mocking that u died to the bug"
hard demon
GG! 14 attempts :)
1 like = 1 chocolate for nshaper
i'm the
Death effects seem to be made by a 5 year old
GG! :)
GG the 8)
ffffff
cool dash was below me
fasil
I'm call it, this is gonna get epic and weekly
GG! :) 53 Attempts! Very cool and fun level!
you can like this 5 times
no com?? lol
3 likes on a feature, lol
NELWARD IS SUCH A BANGER ARTIST
Fan of this song
THANKS ROB
felisidades.por tus pc
I READ UFO
GG! 15619, 6 att
gg :)
Man! That's great for your first featured! Keep up the great work!
12345th stars ^u^
gg
Good level
is literally acu
GG
GG 1 att nice level congrats for rate
fun lvl :)
gg 1 attempt! :)
GG 5000 stars!
i verfie on mobil
that ball at the beginning was so fun.
paynus!!!!
nuke ii x deleted his comment to make himself seem less suspicious
might be the best ball gameplay i ever seen (no homo)
gas coffins comment (the level is named after him)
1 like, 1% more
anyways 50 cp now, thjank you rob Top
gg nice coin - 21 attempts
Good gameplay and good decoration! ;)
Bloodbath Coin :)                                                                                   
who formembers coffin dance?
what a based coin
pretty good 3.35/10
should I go up or dow-
last ship stupid
the gp is actually really fun, really easy to learn
jarvis!
what happened to being exhausted and going to bed Nuke IIX
I agree with the guy under me. This was really fun and enjoyable to learn!
annoying gp.-.
this is not fun and doesn't look very good either
nice level!
THANK YOYU UIVSWFRHBJIONFSE
gg
today has been amazing, my first rate in nearly a year AND i'm buying fl studio today, tysm robtop:D
really wish you wouldve experimented with hues and designs more
i still didnt make it x3
creator knows the level, creator can read the level, player doesn't know the level, improve your gp
Please make the orb bigger
didnt make it
3 att gg
GG 14,000 USER COIN :D
The gp is really weird, and the blinding glow doesn't help.
GGGGGG
GG nice level :D
the transition is shit
what a level
my name is kiwi
i made it to deth
ngl I got scared when I saw it started off with plain 1.0 blocks.
Clean*
Clean*
Clean*
Thanks ofr 70k stars! Clean*
Clean*
Clean*
clean*
Clean*
Clean*
Clean*
Clean*
like me grandpa always says, "dont judge a level by the first 2 seconds"
Clean*
Amazing lvl!
Clean*
clean*
Clean*
Clean*
Clean*
I just got a level rated two days in a row. I'm dying
How did I finish this the same day my previous level got rated... 
This gameplay tho <3
my man alert is popping off
clean work
thanks for my 10 star quest :)
GG 10k stars!! :))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))
this is super dope
very cool
neat ideas!! the movement in the ship section is spicy af >:)
sweatshirt sausage
Spinner
Ta bonito c:
interesting decoration
gameplay is really creative :)
Creative concepts, though the ship is tedious
Good gameplay gg :)
very cool
really sick lowkey
Loved the last cube part! :)
It's finally done. 2 years trying to get a solo, 6 months in the making. Thank you
this is DEFINITELY an extreme, this needs fixed
is this some list demon that is rated as an insane demon or smth
this is gonna be like castling isnt it :|
I agree with the person below.
on the page it said extreme, when I clicked it was insane demon
im the best
hardezt demon
GG LET'S GO
44% great progress I fluke the hard part ! 
hotel transylvania 3
Heck yes extreme demon
Deserves Epic.
GG awesome :}
28% ! that's class
spoufg
the level that doesnt know its difficulty ii
why this is not epic
491 like wtf
#8
gg amazing level
sick start to 2022 hado
more like cold sweat... wait...
Update (v5): Made the intended route less obnoxious, made unintended routes more obnoxious
Update (v2): Made the first ball more functional on 60 Hz. Reverified on 60 Hz, just to be sure.
godlike level
Thank you so much for using my song! It looks just like I imagine it looking! The effects are great!
Update (v4): I promise it's getting more playable each time I hotfix it
Update (v3): Don't mind me, more fixes to some skips that are specific to 60 Hz
Waiting for Flashs comment
sooo good man! | Headphones recomended :)
there should be a rating called: "i cant see shit"
robtop rate white space
The song goes Babumm babumm babumm babumm Pow pow pow pow
extreme demon
THIS IS AMAZING HADO
\ o /
this is awesome
really like this!
I found this in recent tab!!!! First :)
if you like this comment someone anywhere in the world will jump 7 feet into the air. choose wisely
its ok :O
gg green orbs at the beginning are pain but fun level
Gameplay at the start is iffy but the rest is super good.
much much better gameplay-wise
like this comment if your favorite word is "balls"
everyone loves creo music
this level is the defenition of cancer
the dual sucks balls its so buggy
Very unique gameplay! It takes a while to get used to, but once you do it's very fun!
not medium demon
very fun! thanks 4 the dedi :)
GG! :)
I'm waiting for some toddler to say: "its not auto".
medium demon now? this is definitely easy demon
gg, nice level
In my opinion the first but is like a 2/10 but the rest is amazing great level
The orbs at the start are a pain in the ass
Really fun and easy demon! The dual was a little learny but otherwise a solid demon!
Ayo man I loved the gameplay! It's honestly a bit too unbalanced  but that's not a problem. :)
WOAH! So HARD! Lets name this difficulty a DEMON!
pretty fantastic job
m2col never clear..
They done remade Demon Park in 2022
hard..map..but..i like it !
Map so hard a whole ass difficulty had to be created. #1065
hard..map..but i like it!
thanks for letting me be a part of this!
Level by: Unbihexium, Graded, Kwol, iMela, J735, Stamina, Polli, SyberianMP3 and Unbipentium!
People who recently beat Demon Park be like: *buy one get one free*
Who ever jumps the gate will be kicked of the park
only people with the most fabulous jawlines can like this comment
i think if you showed a gd player this level back in 1.3 they would have a heart attack
Great level, GG! :)
like si vienes por nexus
oh man cant wait until the fantasy difficulty
good remake
Demon park 2022 confirmed
OG level made in 1.2, redeco in 2.1... wait a second...
Cool Park! | Cool Moves! Easy Demon?! Cool Than Demon Park! The Fantasy Park... | 10/10 Level!
recent tab is finally usefull now
like = 2022 will be a good year
I cant fix your parent's marriage
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO A GOOD LEVEL WITH AN FNAF SONG
thanks for playing!!! and GG
Pov: You clicked on this just bc ur a fnaf fan
magic tab is goated
Not bad :o
gregory do you see the small vent on the floor
fun gameplay with good designs and effects
sus
yeah very good level
really epic level, great work :')
GG!
hermoso
not bad
gregory
Nice level :0
I hate how no one has a clue of what this song is about...
good old fnaf song.. used to listen to this a lot <3
que bonito :o
Nice lvl!
Creators order: Vico, Hikex, FUNKYpersy, Darkrozz, iAlan09, Intriago, sKiny, Chamoylol, FUNKYpersy
Good level, sent :)
not bad, but some parts shine more than others
Es muy lindo el nivel :3
Me sorprende como la comunidad crear niveles asi :)
Re epico el nivel :0
Epic!!!
Dope! :p
fue un honor participar <3
muy buen design, sent to mods! :)
Great level
De locos!
la verdad es que el gameplay es muy comodo y la deco esta bien........epic?
Finally, it was a pleasure to have helped. <3333
Bonito nivel XD
y el cp ?
baneen a los putakus
GG nice !!
Nice one, sent :)
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
coins:1 coin idk, 2 coin hold on top of dash orb 60%, 3 coin take mini coin at 66%, tap in blue portal at 74%, tap in the coin
WOW, what a cool slow-mo effect! Oh, wait, it's just my fps dropped to 30.
Amazing, tbh it's epic or featured+
the lag
good atmosphere, the details and stuff of the level are pretty decent!
loveeee nicseeee
GG's. Amazing level! Great song choice too!
bing chilling moment
great level :)
prime example of too much detail. Can't even tell obstacles from details half the time.
5600x and 3080 and i went to like 30fps lol
the fact i managed to survive until 57% by sightreading is already an achievement.
damn these are some great vibes! :)
ya casi
it looks pretty but why is it 5 years long
GG
._________.
this is soo beautiful. great work
Oh would you look at that song artist... :P
Not bad, but I'm sending this for rate only because of the invisible speeds
love the art, the speed portals make the gameplay hard
Very creative and fun. Definitly deserves to be rated! =)
gameplay is extremely stupid but im not saying its bad level, gg
LOL Im now a music artist used in a featured level. XD
Regardless, I will add a mode to make the speeds visible within the next 16 hours or so. Thanks!
Got it Reapertron! Hey everybody, my friend requests were off accidently. Feel free to send em :)
cool! and the decoration is really natural
pretty cool
weird, aint it? :P
Btw I will be deleting comments with curse words. My levels are family friendly :D
increible decoracion 
I'm happy that there is enough comments and no one will ever see this.
Fun gameplay and fun sync
Pretty & fun in a very weird way, i love it. Ngl, i totally have a crush on the loading screen girl
this level is so freaking weird I love it
Its actually a botanical garden theme, but I appreciate the compliments! =)
nice atmosphere, good job doing the level and the song :)
Yay! New SkullyHop level!  :D
like si tienes p3n3
PeRuViAn PeArL
1 like y me corto las bolas
potaxio
Neat ideas, could def use some more deco
secso
g
CounterMD gameplays=
Nice  level
aweo
col
Jumm... sigo pensando que necesitas mejorar mas la comodidad de tus gameplays y transiciones ^^"
nice!
nice
Excelente hermano :>
Smooth design&atsmosphere givin me nemsy vibes right away, could just use some gameplay polishing.
The music at the end sounds like someone spilled water on a Nintendo 64
puedes decorar mi ultimo nivel porfa
the custom arrows are beautiful
6 stars?!
we off the grid grid grid
Here is your ticket for feature :3
nice backgrounds and design! sent to mods! :)
Nice
if rob doesnt feature this, he can suck my left toe.
this is fantastic!! :0
GG on your first feature!
decent start, work on filling in more space :)
I love the design and gameplay it is BEAUtiful!
by kanye west
this for my kid kid kid
Secret way at 76-77%, if you don't jump before the spider portal.
based
this art is just so god damn good please make more levels asap
lag
GG! Congrats on getting you first creator points!
this level is beautiful. the mountain, city, and sky at the start are perfect
GG 25900 stars :)
WE OFF THE GRID GRID GRID THIS FOR MY KID KID KID FOR WHEN MY COIN FREE AT 95%
h
20 likes and i will eat my legs
This is hot... just like my phone is now
if i get top comment, i will die at 98% on a random demon level and scarlet surge (pls dont like)
1 like = 1 treat for my cat
Like if you hate coronavirus
1 like = clap
oo awesome!
ill snap my neck if i get 50 likes
So laggy on mobile that I died XD
!!!
How many people die in 61%????
Awesome level, but I have literally never seen my computer lag like this before
My pet snail died 1 like = 1 prayer
woah this is amazing
go 100 likes :)  ---->
Like for pass [202241] -------->
like if you died
GG! 131.000 stars :)
Wow this is fire!!!.. Like my phone is right now..
Guess im eating my legs now...
Remove the demon rating system it would be AWESOME
terrible gameplay
RATE BLOODELEUSTE
GG fluke from 3% lol
Yo thanks for letting me build.
insane demon? what lmao
thank yall for the feedback hopefully my next level will be a lot more enjoyable
gameplay was pretty unfun tbh. the ufo parts were confusing and it was unbalanced
medium demons :(
not fun level at all
GG awesome level all coins :}
GG :D Second coin was kinda hard ngl, medium demon is fine
GG! :)
GG! 109 attempts :)
GG! Sneaky coins!
bloudeleuste when
GG! :) 308 Attempts! Very fun level and good coins!
458 attemps
Pretty annoying and a tad bit buggy. Could've fluked from 35% but I'm dumb. GG mobile all coins.
reminds me of old 1.9 levels, nice
watching people fume over a gd level is always funny
Everybody saying its a lame level, but I really liked it! I had a blast playing it
183,000 Stars, GG! :)
Your levels are of decreasing quality...
everyone saying that his levels are getting worse, so what he isnt obligated to make brilliant lvls
If the sibling is step, the law says yep.
Fun fact: if you press alt and f4 on your keyboard at the same time, you will unlock all icons!!!!
and another one... 
yo
like if mosquitos sucks
gg gormuck
4 likes and ill use the weirdest icon i can find for a week :00
1 like= 1 day no school
WAV
I CANT TAKE THIS LONG DISTANCE RELATION SHIP ANYMORE!! FRIDGE, YOU ARE COMING TO MY ROOM!!
este men saca niveles a cada rato xd
Ok how come people with CP get answers to their begs but unknown creators don't?
tengo a 13 personas en mi sotano y nadie lo sabra porque aqui son todos ingleses XD
fornite is a game
ouch
Intense, I like the gameplay so much!
Really fun! Sent :)
really good sent :)
take your here before daily ticket here -------------->
pretty fun
me gusta la serie hasta ahora
Like si tambien te gustan las Songs de Sharks
GG 41k stars :)
te admiro Light muy buen nivel :D
i cannot
gg Hard 5
YESSIR SPAGHETTI
GG , i like farming 5* levels :)
why not featured
gg !  fast and good  !  :)
why isnt this featured???!!
died in a transition, dont know why
Flippin' epic worthy 5* lvl... Epic indeed... Thanks a billion for this sick lvl! Much love! GG. 8-)
GG!! Nice
GG <3 2atts
Coin 1: 12%(hold) Coin 2: 32%(up) Coin 3: 58% (Down) Like Please.
i verified firework 
you're supposed to skip the first robot portal for the coin lol
laik esli A4 govno 
Why isnt rick Astley the leader of the world?
how to get dislikes: spam slaughterhouse is harder in sakupen circles chat
FBI - female boob inspector
Honestly really enjoyed this one. Very nice :)
pizdec
The fast part at the end took me off guard
why is there a qr code
wait what?
cool and neat and funky
love when i die after it turns pitch black
Happy Birthday StinkyBurger. Like this Comment if you Wish him a Happy Birthday. ------------------>
69 is a sexual number i searched it
me and the boys finding roxy's onlyfans password
im dipping my balls in lava
2 likes for me to get banned
Ayup
GG 8K user coins :)
Thank youyu Robotp
Very original! :)
nifty level
GG
800 user coins <:v
nice
looks sweet
This is my level of 1000 STARS
music?
h
Rare.
nice
GG!
GG
so clean :o
gg 3 att chill level :)
GG :))
gg a la primera
both coins!
whoever is doing it is just very pathetic honestly
Coin 1: Jump over pad at 17% Coin 2: Jump at 32% and follow path Coin 3: Up next to spikes at 91%
oh come on you kids are so immature grow up and stop dislike botting
Good level, sent :)
dislike botted. :(
we gonna need to give this level some likes to repair the damage
i dont know why this has dislikes, this is a pretty cool level
me when botters:  .-.
man, i love this level
h
this level very clean and such... make me thinking about something.. ...about things..
yes! get outta here, dislike botter!
dislike botters
Beatiful level =)
GG! :)
good level, dislike botters really have no life
I love how wrong it sounds lol I need to mature
this is underrated. heres a like! :D
hot
like si ves este comentario en 2034
non block in block game what the hell are you doing
Some of the triangles are isosceles, I want a refund
Obtuse by team nothing
rnbw blocks literally slappin ass
cool
rob kinda missed by not putting epic ngl
that ufo part at the end is absolutely garbage
solid
coin: Jump at 21%, jump over the yellow foothold, and jump again.
This level is amazing dude! Dislike bot sucks
nah the gameplay aint it..
amigo se rre lagea
nice level
bad gameplay but design is ok
this level has a very lovely gameplay ngl! 
6 likes?? only 6? 
ahhh so good! Great job, team!
holy f thats a lot of lag
some timings are rather weird and unforgiving but overall team zero's best to date
colors are good but the gameplay is so bad, its got to be on purpose
Like if you agree
COIN: 15% jump in mid air after transitioning into cube, yeah it's stupid
Thanks for the rate rob but can yall rate beg somewhere else god dang
Can you believe it guys? Geometry Dash 2.2, just a week away! Geometry Dash 2.2 is in a week! Woohoo
This was supposed to be a christmas level but i started it too late, still hope it can be rated soon
Christmas! Just a week away. WoW!
Christmas! Was 28 days ago! I am so sad about this information.
Christmas
Christmas, just 48 weeks away
Christmas! Its just a week away! I am so excited about this information.
its groundhog day now
can you believe it? just a week away!
Like for (Hard 5 star)
nice information
My birthday is just a week away
fun one!
nice
The black orb jump at 18% when you collect the coin is bad.
26.8k stauy
Robtop rating a top 1 thats been in the wait for more than 5 seconds! Just 5 months away!
You cant tell me what to do
if geometry dash had end credits
This is such an awesome representation of the community :) Very well done!
Thank you so much
W box
<3333333
It's enough to make a grown man cry. And that's okay. Thank you <3
the fact that i recognize at least 3/4 of these references is proof that i am addicted to this game
earth is not flat
WUBWOOFER
<3
GEOMETRY DASH REWIND 2013-2021:)
Thank you <3
mario
this is such a beautiful level ;)
The bag is still there...
easy epic
love it :) 2022 is already bringing us bangers. Fantastic work, and I'm surprised you finished it so quickly
A love letter <3
hey there's me! such a cool mashup, wonderful concept and executed brilliantly!
firts
that's me
I died at 69% and got 96 orbs
funky
Like if u beat this less than 5 attempts
thealmightywav
licks
funny number go brrrrr
secodn
1 attempt, need to make sure i have had it beat before rate! ;)
?
1 att
i like it because its easy lol
Esta bueno
1 attempt what!?
s u s
GG 1attemp
SLICK
GG!!! ala primera B)
GG! Fun :)
coin 1 go down at wave at 67 percent like so people will see!
???
someone disliked all the comments ._.
damn saw
holy s......
2022
xd
Im amgry
why is that dashorb a timing????????????????
.......
Yeah I f**king hate you.
nice :3
999 liker (ElectroGD15221) One more liker for 1000 likes.
gg coin
?
So, we are alike. I made the Purple Pad too in my level i'm making. Even the Orb. :3
hi
I saw the coin, and was like 0w0.
no ,it's cool lvl )))
Spider Pad
Happy New Year y'all!!
rob if you dont rate this im cancelling our marriage
Coin 1: Don't tap at 5% - 6% | Coin 2: Down at 55% | Coin 3: Free
gg, 1st coin: dont touch the dash orb at 6%
good level :)
Nice :)
Awesome :)
good level need epic normal
I bet this'll be next daily
you've definitely improved from when i first saw you :D
tjis is getting featured trust me
soooo cool!!!
gg 2 atemps 1 coin
The blocks at 22% could be extended on tablet, the only nitpick. GG
Beatiful level
It says happy new year, and it is new years 2022
GG
great level, this one should go daily, really liked it
Epic; mark my words
me gusta
#advyout
neodesign moment
Rafer's Style: Epilepsy Edition
why is this song the new meta for experimental levels
kanjut
great except the UFO 
ufo transition is trash plz make it better
kok advyout cok
Please fix the bug at 65%
the ufo part is sheeeeeeeeet dislike
Ufo is weird imo
could you please remove that spinning saw lmao
minimichi killed me
/\/\/\
This is exactly what I thought this level would look like when I saw the song being used
banger
Nice color variations! :)
tbh, I kinda like it. Not just boring "experimental style" but actually having a bit of style is nice
gg good level! the mini ufo after the wave was kinda bad though
Gg, nice gameplay =)
Only 0 CP players can like this comment ->
this is literally amazing?? perfect new years gift :)
10 likes and ill play hockey with my pet rock.
Happy New Years! :)
oOOo
Who else likes robot short-hopping? :D
bluerose must be an amazing person for this amazing gift
Really cool gameplay
this level is more like a robot challenge lol
Really fun level, although its a little bit inconsistent at times. Deco is quite nostalgic. Good job qo!
This is fantastic! Song expression is nice, fits the style really well. Congrats on your first CP!
massive congrats on featured G
Wheres my dedication? oh yeah forgot that nobody cares about me lol
I feel like I want to play easy demons.
Some indicators would really do this level some good
999 jumps ;)
qool
absolutely sick
if this comment gets 100 likes i will go to a airport and scream HEY SISTERS
get this to 7 likes so it can be my most liked comment
WHY IS THIS AN EXTREME
4,600 demons! Very fun level, GG! :)
insane demon .-.
first attempt after i came back LMAO this is not extreme
very good
GG, my first extreme demon <3
this is not an extreme demon pls rate to insane demon ok ty buh bye
I DID ONE MORE ATTEMPT LMAO
fluked from 72% lmao gg
This level is so good, but the ending is the most evil thing i've ever seen.
EXTREME?????
OMGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
good
super fun level
rip not extreme anymore
rebeat on recording in 2 attempts
govno
Good Insane Demon Boyyyyy
GG! I love this level :)
GG!! It's the first time I've had fun playing an Insane Demon... New Hardest? :D
this is huge for the box meta fandom
very strange
i love how if you have ldm on, the ship part is a layout
No Jeff Bezos bossfight in the first part. Im disappointed
box
you make me love you 
the work ethics of this level are at an all time low
merry krismas
WTF THIS IS SO UNIQUE
gameplay kinda lame but looks nice
Having used the box meta myself, I approve of this level
Like= Year for 2023
I feel like I've heard this song before
GG :) feliz 2022
couldn't you have just used the gd version of this song instead lol
i almost had 1 att :(
what is a box meta i dont get it
Honestly this deserves epic more than a lot of epic levels, really creative work!
gg less go 2022!
primer nivel con estrellas del year XD
gameplay is ass
I approve this name
this gameplay makes the rope around my neck tighten
Pretty fun, but a little difficult for a 7 star
whoever made this gp deserves a high-five...       in the face...         with a chair...
                                                                              AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
finally
for coin, you have to click on the last ball so you can get upside down and reach the coin
first part was so good
shitty gameplay
Lol Req 5* gets 7* should be 9*
unpopular opionion i rly like this lvl. But it needs to be a 9star
Awful gameplay, obnoxious black screen filter.
amazing!! happy new year =)
nowhere close to inspired by magma bound       took some inspiration from phase 3 by danerdogger 
this reminds me of rafer's style, and its really well done! gj! :>
i guess im just good at the game
This isnt rated because it only been 2 fricking hours since it was released
dope ass level just work on the gameplay more
good gameplay :D
make it drop
Happy New Year!
eating gum is for the weak, eating the gum wrapper makes you an alpha chad
Great level, GG! :)
So glad to see this finally out! You did an incredible job dude. Alongside that, thanks again for helping me finish up my part :)
guys there is no chance this is medium demon lol
Really cool level and I really like the coin route
thanks for all the nice comments guys, vote easy demon! theres no way this is medium
not medium demon
GG First medium demon!
super clean, love it!
pass 010122
Am I the only one who think this should be epic
ax67, holding after a black orb teleports you to the next surface, this is a known spider mechanic
dislike bot... sucks
on a side note, i now have every single achievement and icon in the game, gg!!
30 attempts (+ 2 coins). #1622
this is a good level why people disliking
how is this a medium demon, viprin 6 star levels are legit harder than this lmao
fun as hell
claim your "who came from Nexus?" ticket here
it's always nice to an amazing level by unknown creators, hoping this gets epic :)
Kasian Rehan dan Bu Yana
Kita? lu aja kali...
telpon gw
an epic rated demon for your first rate is the biggest power move possible
kita in croatian means pen**  im not joking
Pass is 112022 like so others can see.
Yang INDO like komentar ini!
Kirain buatan luar negri ternyata dalem negri njir GG :)
GG, first demon of the year, amazing work for just 4 days. Love the decoration so much :)
rehan
GG! :)
To say this gameplay is agonizing would be an understatement.
keren banget 
like jika kamu buka kolom komentar sebelum main
kita in serbian means a swear word
el lag no me deja jugarlo please fix ldm for android :(
GG! :) 281 Attempts (On Phone)! Very beautiful music and effects, fun level! 186,000 Stars!
kita in my language means d!ck LMAO
nice deco but gameplay needs work
well is sure hope 2022 wont be as bad as the gameplay in this level
terrible gameplay, do creators even verify their levels legitimately nowadays
jeez this level is extremely confusing and stressful to play
COOL
2022 > 2021?
the gameplay REEEAAAALLLLY needs some work.. its even worse than mine! how is that possible?
the spider  part is my least favorite thing in the whole world
Well that felt unnecessarily annoying.
h
Ye
GG!
8stars
chel harosh
Name : 2022 Themed : Cristmast
2023
gg
gg
spider is unreadable tbh
gg
i hate the first transition with a passion
55% bug: I hit the orb and it sent me flying straight up...
Cool :0
deco is great but why is the gameplay so weird 
Wow! This level is incredible :)
sin palabras, gran nivel para despedir el ano :D
buggy
ta bonito :)
dude this gameplay is trashy
pro tip : playtest your levels
GG
very bad gameplay
gg
GG!
fix 55, or else i wont complete it
gg
i died here twice :/
Espero de que cuando vuelva lo vea ya con su Featured ;)
Nice level :)
please re-post black flag
happy 2022nd set of 365 days after the birth of christ everyone :)
1st coin is at the ship at 24%, 2nd coin is below a platform at 70%
3.... 2.... 1....         HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!!!
lick this and it does not taste like ice cream
2023 is 364 days left lol im so happy :)))))
happy new year
a ver, me lo he pasado practicamente a la primera, solamente soy gilipollas xd
new year lvl
sick level
Coins: 1st Go down at 25% and 2nd Go down at 70%!!!
GG 3757 STARS! | All Coins
G, thanks for glowdency
GG! Good hidden coins. Happy New Year :D
Nice :)
h
gg 1 att
how dare you make a troll ending
Not bad!
1600 stars, GG!
happy new year 2022 :) 365 day 2.2?
this level is long 96 seconds, but i would prefer reversed numbers
update: add more movements & bug fix
+30,000,000 social credit
not epic?! ive seen many many epic levels less worthy of it than this could be
windly landscape by Zobros
like if you are playing in 2022
gg
pass: 864239  ;)
cool endscreen and glitch effects !
wowwwww this feels like it should be epic 
96 minute runtime if you factor in the frame drops
how does this not lag?
Super cool Monogatari arts :)
windy landscape better
the best level of this new year, niceee
HOLY ****
Monogatari arts! :D
my pc dead
Should have been epic. Some of the best art have ever seen!
robtops new year resolution should be to learn how to rate levels better
so sexy
i love women
Thank you for letting me decorate this :)))
like this comment if you play extreme demons but know your not going to beat them
i love skzyl
good stuff you two
i love skzyl
here before smiffy completes it
i love skzyl
i love skzyl
Vivacious is one of my vocab words for english 12 lmao
lol 729 downloads and 69 likes
YEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSS SECOND VICTOR YEEEEEEEES 6324 ATT
i love skzyl
thanks for rate :) !!
WOOOOOO I DID BETTER THAN I DO ON MY TESTS!!
If you close your eyes, you cant see this comment.
like this comment, no reason
gg good level
G.
THIS IS NOT 4 STAR
happy new year!
yoooo thx all! those complaining about the stars, sadly theres nothing i can do, i asked for 5*
thx man, so appreciated
timings in a 4 star
the first coin is a  neusance
y pensar que vi este nivel desde sus inicios...jaja felicidades por el featured bro quedo genial :)
guys song got deleted, workin to get a replacement song '_'
thx all :D so happy right now to see u like it
happy new year!
waaaaaaaay too much slopes please think of something different
this is to hard to be 4 star but its funny lol
they've been around about as long as overdefo stfu
it should've been like a 6 star or 7 (in my opinion)
hate the double spike
Nada mal
weird gameplay
bad gp
the gameplay is so weird
gg
like if here before rate
Hope every one had a great 2021! ( covid sucks. like if you agree
Fun level, sent :)
gameplay is okay but decorations could be more detailed next time !
Flashy, i like it!
really cool but seems a little repetitive gl on rate :)
This is a hidden gem, so fun.
!Sent
all coins!
gg!
one of my favorite geoxor's songs
finding a rateable level in recent tab is rare
clean af
very cool
Good level but I wish it would have been better executed and it needs more variety as well. GJ tho :)
definitely awesome! Looking forward to seeing htis on the daily. :D
should be rated
Like if here before featured
this should be rated
'_' '.' :-)
whos ready for december 32th 2021?
really fun i liked it :)
coins: skip yellow portal and jump at 5%, grab the key at 73% and free coin at 98%
really nice! some timings r wierd but overall gameplay is fun :D
Tokyo Drip
Who played the level before they updated it and changed the cube and robot placements in the start
Happy New Year to everyone :D
Happy new year everyone !!
ill nerf/fix all shitty stuff later ! sorry for the inconviences, the level is old
just be good lol
Konbanwa tokyo was almost one year old, what // Tysmm leo <3 and dw kidoxx
the gameplay intself is good, but the transicion like 49% are bad
they actually rated konbanwa tokyo
what
Since most of yall complaining i can nerf it lol
29.561eme stars
17 k stars 31/12/2021 gg :) ...logro dedicado amis amigos de gd 
Damn nice level
your mom
Arigato :3
First level of 2022 :)
Man, last year went so quick, it feels like 2021 was yesterday!
FIRTS RATED NORMAL IN 2022 LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Thx so much Robtop <3
like if you died trying to get 2nd coin
i cant read the song title
nice alex
feliz ano nuevo dasher quien quiera q lo lea
first lvl i beaten in 2022
alex
no idea how i took the 2nd coin, but gg
lex
alexchins
second coin is so hard
Pass is 262626
GG! Free coins :)
Merry New Year!
like if you like fnaf
I am stupid
gameboy advance sp blue edition
gg 2 att 17 jumps
nothing happened in june 1989 what are you talking about
super idol de xiao rong dou mei ni de tian :troll:
bing chilling
REMEMBER KIDS SHOULD ONLY PLAY UNDER 1 HOUR OF VIDEOGAMES A DAY
 Zaoshang hao zhongguo xianxai wo you bing ji lin wo hen xihuan bing ji lin danshi "sudu yu jiqing 9
tiananmen square june 4 1989
I love Taiwan (-99999 social credit)
clouds are fake, if you fall through them you will still hit the ground and die
ZHONG XINA
its a 6*, chill with that robot timing
Glory to the CCP!!!
ice cream
+600 social credit earned! thank you for this offer, kind citizen. glory to the ccp!
he forgor
This is super good and uses my favorite Bossfight song, approved! :D
sightreadable and colorful :)
no way i beat with all coins before bongus :gibijishock:
pengyou shi yige jianren bu ba de jilupian, zai  xianggang zhe zuo chengshi de shezhi. zhuyan quande
GG!
Top 5!!
despues de 4 horas de verificacion y parcheando bugs, pude verificarlo, al fin 8))!!
you know the level is a banger when people immediately resort to likebegging
easiest medium demon?
99x2 XD quiero pegarme un tiro :D
Pass:696996
Playtesting: Pepe, pepetrix,  Art: Dog,Lewin   Deco: LewinGD
GG! :)
Love it
Sr.Lewin#9625
Participants Lyt Pepetrix, pepe, volt , hexada, javier , lewingd , yolag
DAMN, the atmosphere
amazing level:)
 
new best :)
al fin se subio este nivel xD
wtf ? , why this is not epic >:(?
continues to get more annoying as you play
GG
Can i just point out how AMAZING this song is?
Verified by: pepetrix8000GD
+1 free coin :yawn:
actually really cool
cool kibda
this is actually great, a real gem in the recent tab
stan gem setter ost
blyat
coin is demon
That was really good in all aspects! Original too!
WE GOTTA RATE THIS GUYS
whats this style called? its not modern its not glow,what is it?
gg 16k stars
Fancy
every time a new kiba level comes out you know what to do
That coin is evil
GG!
amazing deco, but the gameplay is boringgg
rly cool tho
coin? easy?
GG
gg
hardest easy demon i've seen in my life
bad gameplay thats super unbalanced, medium demon
What a masterpiece, incredible remake!
Pass 291221
feels kinda hard to be an easy demon tbh, but i could be wrong, im not that good at the game, maybe
this comment is dedicated to convie
GG! :) 89 Attempts! Very fun level!
Fun level, sent :)
no way in hell this is an easy demon but cool level
At 70% my heart beat faster because of the nostalgia for this music. i love this lvl <3
Awesome :)
if this aint medium demon idk what is
fuk this level
easy demon but need hard demon skill
20 attempts. #1610
Should be a medium demon imo, but overall I had a lot of fun with it and really liked it! :D
100 gg
"easy demon" -Statement dreamed up by the utterly deranged
medium demon
this is so good wtf
yeah person below me is racist
This level is so cool, i am racist
I wanna die
Let's just appreciate the hard work Whirl put into this level. It might look simple, but it really isn't.
im Jlime
Awesome :)
when the J is lime
spam at the start for a coin ,             now gimme those likes
amzing lvl
banger level
okay bro, pop the f*** off!!!
this is epic!!!!
should have gotten epic rated!
thats one realistic fake cube
why this is not epic?
damn this needed epic lmao
cool level :)
banger
amongus
why isn't this epic wtf
if this gets top comment i will throw my phone out my apartment window.
PAHC fr invented squares and rectangles
transitions need work
if this gets top comment i will microwave my gaming mouse
This is the worst 8* level I played so far
boring gameplay
what is this balancing?
Im not the that good of a player, but this is kinda difficult for 8*
nice lvl Pahc :)
im not saying this out of jelousy but the gameplay isnt that rate worthy bc its copy pasted
worst gameplay in history. Can i get an amen?
Pass is 000320 Like!
I kinda like the guy whos in 10 place
this is so bad omg 
unbalanced and bad transitions
playtest your levels next time , the ufo dash orb needs a little adjust imo 
attrocious gameplay
ew
bad lvl literally copy paste
Bad gp
Thanks Rob for first cp!
Nice work :)
rate worthy but the ground spikes in the first part have unoptimal colors imo
@Orue bruhhhh!!!!!!!!!! :moyai:
Gigi break up with r3, she isnt good enough for someone with this potential
balls congrats on the rate
funni gd wiki mod got a cp
finally, a first featured level that has good gameplay
las decoraciones son super sencillas pero igual son hermosas 10/10
2 attempts, could use some more detail but it's worthy of first CP :)
How is this beauty 4k objects? Man the talent...
GG! :)
screw you
amazing
y u make me die at dis percent
epic/feature/rate needs to happen
3,000 Stars again!!!! Cool level and enjoyable gameplay, this is fun. :)
cool easy level :o
YUH
i am bad
like if this somehow gives u RUST vibes
Clean level!! I love it
can we all like..say something positive? saying this level sucks does not help the creator at all.
192,000 Stars! GG! :)
Simple and clean level but those frequent timings make it a realy hard easy demon
ya smog
darude - sandstorm
you passed the challenge
swwft
imo this is a medium demon but still really fun!
woooo gg!
Pov: f a r t
nice like if you have projectile vomit
Very Bad Level and gameplay so Horrieble (Featured)
rust for noobs be like:
you need to eat a cinnamon roll
You are nuking your own head
love the atmosphere and how the visual effects limit the player
no bug at 10 just jump
i like the visuals,, even though sometimes its a bit much, the gameplay wasnt for me though,, gg
im very glad to have taken part in this super cool level, hope you all like it!
yooo i finally beat it :D
Ascend to epic :)
JustAGDPlayer and QMystic are gods at hostng megacollabs
some of the best gp I've ever played
Ayyy
pass : 281221 ;)
Very fun level, GG! :)
SHEEEEEEEEEEEESH
It was a pleasure to make an part :))
Fun level, GG! :)
ANOTHER EPIC NOT RATED EPIC, ROB?! WTF IS WRONG WITH YOU?!!
I'm gonna beat this soon
GG! 160 attempts :)
gonna jump to this after i beat clubstep. wish me luck
ggs :p
AMAZING! One of my favourite MC in the game! Gameplay is a blast
#epicsubvert
QMYSTIC MEGACOLLABS NEVER MISS
ggs
Die Namen werden auch immer geiler
If this gets daily i will eat my bed   :|
cool :D ,bin froh das ich nicht der einzige Deutsche bin 
Ein bisschen wenig Fleisch, aber ansonsten gut...
eat your bed... NOW
liebe fuer diesen namen <3
2nd place, nice level! but can you please add the blue gravity portal after the dual ends? it's buggy
Cool secret: If you touch the "Brot" at 6%, absolutely nothing happens
Hi
nice blue-yellow color variations and the dual part :)
gg 3 coins
congrats for being the first one to get featured with this song
genial! una decoracion original, pero realmente esta muy bien! buen trabajo :D
GG! 44.2K Stars! :)
hmmm lecker Gulasch
up 'n' down v2
gg
h
how is this this fun
h
buenisimo
ESTOY TEMBLANDO
Esta temblando el xSpace1 alguien dele un calmante XD
NO PU3DO RESPONDER MDS NO ME DEJA
JODERRRRRR
buen nivel! felicidades por el primer featured hoy no te duermes de la emocion xd disfruta crack! ;)
idk why this is Hard 5*... This is harder 6 imo
GG's.
The deco at the first part isn't a copy, is just inspired by bunch. :)
NO MAM3W
GG 1000 LIKES AAAAA THX
felicidades soldado.. lo conseguiste.
Yiyi 2 cepesitos B))
feliz cumpleaos
y yo que kbrones yambien felicitenme tambien decore el nivel >:VvVVVv que
Ay congrats lol
Gracias hikex aaa
gg 10 att and 44 j. its a 1st lvl in new year. (01/01/21)
Felicidades bro :D
Gracias charlyy
buenisimo
Nice ::)
Pretty nice, although that ufo gameplay could be better imo
YEEEEEEEEEEEEES
viva cristo rey
Ta weno mi ninio
magic lel
POV: its a demon
robtop featured o si no no eres gay:/
rob: star rate pq falta color 8)
unbased gameplay
cool stuff ill beat this later
Take your ticket before feature                                                               [here]
todays featured tab is sucks
"Calming"                                                          Rated insane
very nice designs
Balanced the gp
Me gusta bastante la decoracion
muy buen estilo de decoracion, gameplay ideal y una muy buena creacion, felicidades!
nice but blocks can be hard to see.
i prefer living on the dark side of the moon
you turn me on like a light switch
i got spiked :(
I am living in your lights
This kind of gp makes me feel like im playing 2.2
Nice one, sent :)
the geometry dash experience
good level, one small problem... I am living in your walls
Only 0 cp players like this comment
just turn yo fone upside down lmao
overdefo i secretly have a crush on you and i would appreciate it if you knew
Is He UsInG 2.2 cAmErA fEaTuReS?!
After three years of starting GD seriously, I have reached 10000 stars. What an acomplishment!
This is annoying cuz I am living in the floor.
I got spiked
it makes me sad that no one else has made a Binding of Isaac reference.
and the blood of jesus, his son, cleanses us of all sin
pretty decent
actually a crazy interesting level. You don't see many levels using the reverse portal AND being fun
and to cleanse us from all wickedness
10 likes and ill use the default skin for the rest of my life 
1 coin, jump orb 6% | 2 coin, 42% | 3 coin, free, like please <3
HOT new year
alternative title, australia
extremely laggy the ending lol
Fun fact: i used my old style because why not? ^^
thanks for the dedi ^^
noooooo!
Powered by Global Warming
the first coins is at the begening theres a secret jump orb
nice map,thanks for dedication and the free coin lmao
Wooooow!
It got rated let's goo! 40 creator points reached 02/01/2022
gg :)
GG 2 att all 3 coins :D
1 attempt, 1 coin gg
Changed the last part's background. you won't experience lag anymore. even on low devices i guess
6 att 3 stars great level
fck 15 fps
XD
like this comment and your crush will ask you out
neat!
really nice
Stop disliking all comments. Need to like them all again..
genie offers you infinite wishes, like this comment to accept
Esta muy bueno!!!! 
kinda empty at some parts but overall not bad
the colors at the later parts really picked up! Love the progression here
Excelente nivel la verdad!
gg 9.85k stars. Getting close! :D (to 10k stars)
gg
29.600eme stars
gg 1 coin
looks like something Darwin would make. gg
super fun! should be daily imo
happy 2022:)
GG :) 
should be epic ngl
Happy New Year
happy new year for everyone
191,000 Stars! GG! :)
like esli russkij)
ya ruskiy
HELICOPTER HELICOPTER
Ruskaia vodka - ly4shee iz alkogolia!
I KNEW IT HE MADE MODERN
Suka Blyat, Vsem privet iz Ukaine
ya russki
a gde vodka?
Edooox got VoDkA
Prichom tut vodka -_-?
Like ecli russia
realno
Vodka pivo Vodka Pivo! Pod konez korparotiva! Pod vostochnie motivi, vipolnaem narmotivi!
PRICHEM ZDES VODKA ?
Pycckie Top
kadilak kadilak eto noviy kadilak delay dengy delay dengy na na na na na na na na
blyatiful
PYCKUE nPNBET!
I like vodka, Edooox like vodka. Are you like vodka?
lol fish
dislike if you hate dorami
I'm too stupid to get past the second level.
nice :)
Like if you are from mobile x6 ='(
11 stage 1 right, 2 down, 3 right, 4 up, 5 to the left, 6 up, 7 right.
how do u do lvl 4
i love this so much
Awesome work :0
WHAT DID SO KOOL
how do people even do this kinda stuff
la concha de tu madre
Es NEMO       *^*
nice recreation 8) [coin got !]
how get past level 2
how do u do level 2
10 stage, 1 up, 2 down, 3 to the left, 4 up, 5 to the left, 6 up, 7 right.
very nice minigame!
cant get past lvl 3 lmao
gg with the coin, that was awesome!
Merry Christmas & Happy Holidays! Glad to be a part of this, music-wise & level-wise ^_^ <3
christmas! just a year away
This is sick
Nice :)
so fun and clean
Update verified the level. Level optimized, made some polishing and LDM a bit stronger. Vid soon
GG ;) 44 Attempts ;)
bwomp
absolutely love this, gj y'all
Fun level, GG! :)
had lots of fun creating in this :)
are you a filipino?
Very amazing and deserves epic!! :)
ok
ive associated this deco style with 5 stars that i cant get out of my mind that this is a medium demon
GG! :)
this is super cool but it was extremely laggy even with ldm :(
Do first cp
The gameplay after 70% is a mess
oh my this is HELLA unoptimozed for mobile. the last 30% needs better LDM
GG 2021
#YunForTop1
Before rate ticket here ------>
Yun > viprin + serponge + zenthicalpha
#YunHaSeu For Mod :)
Like if you found this before it got rated
if this gets daily, i will do literally nothing
before rate                               ->
bug60%
Rate this Level
so beauty
before rate ticket here ->
Good
Sent :)
Like for #YunHaSeu14 for mod!
me:starts playin and thinks it doesnt deserve feature         effects:hi
GG 2021 :D
#yunForTop1
cool :)
cool
OMG zenthicalpha
OMG!! It's rated! thx..!!
better than sakupen circles
Terminuma numa
GG :)
chicken pizza hamburger 
finally
AMAZING TRANSITIONS! | Playing "Terminux" by VulgarisAerae & More
My sexy last part. cool
ez demon
WoW! | Very Futuristic Level! | Bad Gameplay? Cool Name! | 9/10 Level!
8
gg
RobTop is not working...
Recent Extreme Demon with only 31 Likes
didnt even complete back on track and playing extreme demon 
needs rate..
New top 1 demon
YEEEEESSSSS!!!!!! SECOND PLAYER A COMPLETE!!!!! AFTER 36785 ATTEMPTS!!!!! OMGGGGGG!!!! GGGGGGGG!!!!
i love koreans
1f y0u c4n r34d 1h15 y0u h4v3 t0 l1k3
Like = MOD. Dislike = die. ignore: you're the worst
here before feature - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ->
rob you accidentally rated Ricochet Love as 8 star instead of 10 by GMDDEEPSPACE, can u fix?
Woow that was really fast! Thanks <3
Like for pass [122021] ------>
not sightreadable but good deco
this level makes me think about dumb ways to die
Only people who died at the drop can like this comment
EPIC LEVEL DUDE
Merry Christmas :) <3
nice concept , maybe a little fix on some transitions :)
Merry xmas =)
gg
NOOOOIU8U8IU9889
Feliz Navidad A Todos Saludos desde Ecuador :)
That drop was so hard to sightread. This feels like a 5* in my opinion.
ya tvoi rot ebal
38k stars GG :)
gg 5000 stars!
Oh this is cool
i cant see
i went swag route for the coins, GG! 
eek
was it worth it getting all the coins? i dont know
gameplay kinda falls off in the second half
one of the best and most creative coins i have ever seen
Why did this not get epic? That end screen art is BEAUTIFUL! Shoutout to Cantis!
woop
this is so fun!
Coina are hard, but they're super creative, 11/10, deserves epic
bad second half
lovely
now how was i supposed to read that
nice
so FUN
this level is hard demon worthy. what kind of drunk moderator put 9 stars on this. nice level tho.
Holy wow this is by far my favourite christmas level :) 
I DIDNT KNOW YOU CULD FINISH IT LOL
very cool christmas level! not a fan of the blind orbs though 
gameplay made me shop without honey installed
this title explain how the people in gd daily are
the next spiderman should be cant leave home and he should be on house arrest for vehicular manslaug
ends quite abruptly
UPDT #1: Updated and tweaked some gamepIay eIements and improved LDM.
why does this become 4 stars after half of the level being 8 stars
Colors are great but the level itself is inconsistent imo. Overall, pretty good :)
The level suddenly became a 5 star level for the last 50%
@ZoidM you IiteraIIy unfoIIowed me on twitter :pensive:
cool lvl gg
Very nice, merry christmas!!
the entire GD community basically
GG! Awesome :)
loved it, good 8/7 star, also 2000 stars GG
good level, but this should probably be an easy demon..
chill
why am i dying here?
gg
very fun!
dude I cant even load the level
when you died on the last just on purpose just for the funni
The lvl: 6 stars  The last jump: Xtreme demon :D
this is like 6 star lol
guys cmon its free stars. it was supposed to be 5 stars, but i req 9 so rob made it 8 lol
The beginning is something else, youre out of this world man, keep it up 
The end caught me off guard. Good job Nix
Wake up babe... New Nixinityfurry level just dropped!
FINALLY I ONE ATTEMPT AN INSANE LEVEL
RAAAAAATTTTTEE THHHHHHIIIIIISSSSSSSS!!!!!!!
this lvl is awesome! I love the deco pattern you chose. GG! :D
Just some useless text here, nothing special. So yeah, hi.
14k stars (: 12-29-21
for ending, just tap the screen as soon as ur robot touches the word "that"
GG nice level beside dying 4 times at 98
yoo so simple
GG xd
Yes now i hate you for this end
not gonna lie,that was dope!
Did I just avoid 98% death?
YOOOO IT GOT RATE + FEATURE NICE!!!!!!
joyeux noel
TOP 100 IT IS HAPPENING! LOVE Y'ALL
Mori como 5 veces viendo al mono de la parte final XD
password :020000
GL on getting to the top 100 with this! im rooting for u
I enjoy monke level 
The art in the bg was the swaggiest thing I've ever seen in my life. Very swag level bois.
swag
Ravin Monke, Monkey Flip :0
GG 3615 stars (mobile)
cool
cool
gg 7 att
GG nice level bro!
that is one SWAG monkey or gorilla at the end!cool level! :)
bien echo gepsoni !! 
i got 69% first try lol
1 attempt cool level 
GG
MONKE
This level is so good, sent :)
Fun Fact: Bananas are NOT planets
Very good level ! Glad to see you back <3
Thank you so much RobTop <3
good 1.9 vibes! :D
nice opinion. unfortunatly, 212.37.29.647
Thanks Robtop for this awesome daily!
Fun fact: You are reading this because i said Fun fact
hoping for epic
10 likes for one pc 
really fun sent !
remember when demons used mirror portals
Im more of an airplane type of person
True or False? The first name for Geometry Dash is Geometry Jump.
Petition to give DanZmeN Mod back starts now
disliked a mod's comment feelin' strong rn
get this comment to 8 likes and i will change to snail icon
i didnt play this level before and sheeesh that was fun af
Thunderzone v3
if you want to get banned, just make a comment, then you will be comment banned for 15 seconds
Feliz Navidad! <3
Coin: Don't touch the blue orb at 96% 
happy holidays!
Like if you love Christmas
Pass is 200019. Like so others can see :)
hola danosex
omg 30 min ago! I love u danolex :D
:eye:
Like = The Santa Claus will give you another gift :)
Feliz Navidad
Like Si Te Gusta la Navidad
Like if Feliz Navidad?
Feliz de presenciar toda la creacion de este nivel,FELIZ NAVIDAD
Like for 2.2 in 2022 :)
En mi mundo yo le digo " Dashvidad "
lol
Danolex como siempre trayendonos los mejores regalos de navidad :)
Merry Christmas!
Nice
buen nivel danolex
merry christmas gafen :o
Cute level
not bad, not a fan of the last 10% endscreen tho
ngopi bang, biar anget
Merry Christmas ^^
dingin banget
pass 251221
feature 100%
keren banget. untung aja di hp gw nggak ngelag! GG dah *-*
Dingin bangetttt
Sheeesssh
so clean deco, nice level
Wow! These arts are just beautiful!  :0
Cool And Cold, Amazing :)
EEEEEEEEEEEEE
keren
Gafen levels are so underrated, plz give Gafen the popularity he deserves
GG!
3333 stars lol. also merry christmas!!
Like if you love Christmas time. (:
coins: 7% (get the key), 30% (at the bottom), 98% (free)
this level is absolutely ruined by the random timings, least enjoyable 5star ive played in awhile
do creators even playtest their levels nowadays?
Bad level.  Was definitely a flop
wasnt a huge fan of the fixed hitbox straightfly memory section for the second coin....
I LOST MOD
guys the coins arent bad this time i SWEAR
this level is ruined by the timings
key is at 5% not 7%
i think it should only get stars, not future. oh wait, its a mod nvm
idc if i get banned, this level is sh1t
until 2022
ARREGLA LOS PUTOS BUUUUUUUUUUUG CREADOR DE PAPEEEEEEEEL
me canse de este nivel,cringe total
That aint it bro... gameplay bad and no effort put in this level at all. 
62 - 81 cosas mal colocadas
worst gameplay in history of GD
very cool! :)
this level shouldnt be rated (ik hes mod) but the timings and deco aren't worthy i think
timings shouldnt be in a five star
splinter try not to make a banger challenge (impossible)
You deserve more recognition, because your levels are insanely good fr
HOG RIDAAAAAAAAAAAAA again
this has to be the cleanest level i have seen in a few years, absolutely loved it!!!
IT GOT WEEKLY WHAT????
splinter is pretty, like if u agree
@rafer omg... hearing that from one of the best creators in the game is awesome ty so much <3
This is awesome
Splinter best lvl - me skill issue
This is awesome.
yo this is crazy good
Woohoo
33 attempts (+ 1 coin). #1599
so GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
splinter this is amazing
If robtop dosen't give this level an epic, i will flush my phone down the toilet.
rob doesnt know how to rate levels when a lot mods already think its epic rating
WHY DO ALL THE MEDIUM DEMONS I BEAT TURN TO EASY?!
nifty
So good.. <3
"like if you play on mobile"
This a remake of When The Leaves Fall by Hyenada, one of my favorite levels <3
coins: Grab the key at 23%, coins is at 35, touch the blue orb at 46%, and jump to the flower at 73
Nice one, sent :)
If this gets top comment I will go to RobTops door and give him a cookie.
Fixed the dash orb bug.
1 like=1 like
Nostalgic :)
nice level...but i am very bored... :(
lovig relax music
top 3 most satisfying ways to get a coin... Nice Job man...
Very nice and calming level :)
GG! 1 attemtp
The atmosphere and experience of the level is perfect!
Amazing level
remake of When The Laves Fall OMG :O
 gg 100 silver coins :D
Smooth
gg nice level :)
is this a remake of the level 'when the leaves fall' ?
thanks rob!! :D
there is a secret passage if you hold at begining
Znane rowniez jako Ministerstwo Edukacji Narodowej
coins: down inside the structure at 16%, and up at 82%, last ufo is stressful.
Co to za nazwa xDDD
Wszystkiego Najlepszego Polaka!!!!!!!!!
This is awesome :) Happy new year!
siema polacy!
ministerstwo zdrowia i covid-19
very nice n vibrant
pozdrawiam z zdalnych 
me when I blink
elo. zgaduje ze to polski lvl po tytule.
ha! the secret passage 
Love the atmosphere and movements!
horoso
gameplay levels are better than deco levels change my mind
<3
Banger!
gg , 1 att !  :)
that feeling when photosynthesis
Justler0
fun :p
JUSTLTREO
chloroplasts remind me of my science class
excellent gameplay
The Chloroplast is where photosynthesis takes place, and it is also what makes plants green.
new leo rated level :o
next level: mitochondria
mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell
Napoli
GG otro insane!!
A star grinder with a bad pc cries inside when theres lag
Good level :)
80200 stars!!! great level 
2849* :D
Chloroform
less gooo
A lot easier than you think, probably a 6 star IMO
GG! :)
Level be like: ._. -\/- ._. -\/- ._. -\/- ._. -\/-
wow! take a look at those polite little gentlemen singing and helping us. how dapper!
This gameplay is so unique and fun, those little animations really made my day!
to get the coin, jump while youre on the first platform and keep timing jumps to stay on top
neat lil thing
i like the spike designs!
bRO I WAS ASLEEP thank you :sob:
Nice
Awww a bunch of singing creatures this level made my day. So Cute!!!!
This is a good example of someone making great visuals without having to use 4 trillion objects
creative. I like it!
these mfs
THE FIRST COIN IS SO SATISFYING OMG
Level good, song good, path to coin good, in my liked lvl now!
que buen nivel me gusto la parte del inicio
Don't Ask
cute ^^
Rate this
i sure am happy that those gentlemen tipped their hat for me
level is super vibey i love it
Amazing and really clean!
"dont jump dont jump dont jump dont jump"    me: jumps
Awesome level, I love it. Gives me a Desticy vibe.
I'm glad you're enjoying it! ^^ thank you all for taking your time and play my level.
nice stuff :)
colorful work good one ! 
GG! :)
coin 1: 32% coin 2: touch the trigger at 58% the coin will be at 62% coin 3: 89% (Free)
it literally says "dont jump" like 6 times and I still jump... *face palm*
#222 95 attempts, this level is epic nothing more to say :)
@matt843. yeah I have noticed it... I will try to fix it .
like if you think it deserve feature
63 attempts (+ 3 coins). #1624
the wave got a swg route
GG! 12 attempts :)
ez easy demon
to the double click green orbs: who asked
gg
GG 63000 stars :)
GG fluke from 0% fun level :)
You're tripping if you think this is 8 stars
Skele stop severely underrating your own levels challenge
This is so 1.9 even the stars requested are accurate to the 1.9 era
Pass: 656522. Thank me later!
definitely didnt click on this level cuz im lookin for some mana crystals...
Fun level, sent :)
there are federal agents outside my house
GG, trash level, is so buggy...
(Really cool level though)
such awesome map... ;3;
GG first medium
fluke from 47%, kinda fun
GG! :)
GG! :) 50 Attempts! I liked the wave and the part of the ship in the middle! Very fun level!
esta bien bugiado o como se escriba
GG! 40 attempts, there seems to be a very unintentional timing at around 46% but otherwise nice ;)
I love this
best girl
GG!2nd Demon Of 2022
jahy sama is cute lol
SKIBIDI PAPAPA, SKIBIDI PAPAPAPAPA
anyone remember little big planet?
My mom had a baby in her stomach and named him 2.2 but he never came out
the coin is helllllll!
why is this 1st page i made this in like 3 hours whyyyyyyyyyy
I got the coin lol
coins are not obligatory buddy, just don't put it
scale trigger 2.2?
Thats what she said!
This coin is unnecessary
well the description doesn't lie lol. also very good music sync
uno dos quatro
my dik  is big
dang this is good
off brand lotus flower
HYPNODANCE DANCE DANCE
that coin is SO HARD TO GET WHAT
little big planet :(
!GG! !gg! !GG! :0
gg
claim your "here before rate" ticket here =====>
I've already set a new record lol
At the endscreen, it says "New Record". This is a refrence to the levels name: New Record
first demon for blind people
#ratenewrecord #advyout
Dislike = Rate, Ignore = Feature, Like = Epic
didnt expect this to be out. nice :)_
AWESOME
oh yes, gg
only mobile players can like this comment (try it urself pc nerds)
finally good level in recent tab
don't try this level for your mental health
#advyout
harder than retray
cv
I found a bug that makes you die every time you crash with a spike
like si no eres Viprin
new record
ownage
b AF
nice
improved brightness and colors in some parts of the level :)
GG 4352 STARS! | All Coins
bruh
:3
noooooooooooooooo*coscu meme*
GG! :)
cool
GG ALL COINS :)
Nice :D
good <3
WOW my 1st att 3coin GG
good level would recommend
GG 3 Coins
555th liker..
GG nice level ^^
gg all coins :)
ok
Gg 3 atts! (Fun level)
GG. 2 attempts and 5588 stars. Dleiger
THIS IS SO GOOD??!!! Glad you're still around to make banger levels 
:o
YOU DROPPED A BANGER
like for funnygame dislike for viprin
who else think FunnyGame is one of the best creators of all time
FunnyGame is alive :0000000OooooOOoooOO
Nice
i see lots of ppl shi ting on "new" FunnyGame's levels because they're not as revolutionary as the original's, but honestly you're such a good creator
who is here after watching sami's video?
funnygame is alive?
lIkE If YoU HeRe BeFoRe RaTeD ok stop .-.
also sami's vid is great
Who came from that vid about funnygame?
This is amazing but the gameplay needs to be polished
I want the REAL FunnyGame back
like this to get the REAL funnygame back------
like for funnygame dislike for felixram
ROB GET THE CAMERA
YOU'RE BACK YESSSS!!!!!!!
rip, on mobile, ldm on but still have lag :(
what is it by booglee
i hacked this comment so u can like it twice. NO JOKE IM BEING SERIOUS
there are no warnings, so i keep dying
The transcitions sucks 8)
btw the transitions are garbage
sorry for the bad transitions, I dont fix those D:
not sure bout epic, but ok..
robert why
wow, very nice and unique level, I hope it gets rated and featured!
UnExPeCtEd TrAnSiTiOnS
like if ur hungry
What is it?
gameplay: terrible garbage, rest of the level: pretty cool
robert why
This has to be one of my favorite levels in the whole game, amazing job! :D
i didnt hack thus comment so you can like it
secret way at 50%
jump at very start to skip first two click,if you want
Some transitions are a catastrophe.
pass??
coin: miss red orb at 71 (dont forget to jump into the ship portal soon after)
simple and clean, sent :)
Ayy cool
Cute level, nicely done. :)
I am so happy you finally got a rated level!
It looks like Im going snowhere with this level. No need to thank me my jokes are always very punny
2000 stars this level is amazing
GG! Coin in the christmas tree.
great to see this level out!
1 coin!
this song gives me ptsd of xmas challenge D:
*easy flashbacks intensifies*
I think it deserves featured :D
gg
:b
gg on 1k
29.669eme stars
GG!
8 attempts
i prefer earthbound
Gracias a todos por el apoyo!, los quiero mucho <3
absolutely horrific dual
Horribles duales. Top 17
Bad Dual Gameplay
top 2 de las duales mas asquerosas el top 1 son las mias
GG but man those duals need to be fixed
first great recent level i found
what are these duals
che yeli, a mne ne dali
Nice
GG!! Bad Gameplay
when you find a recent level that is feature worthy:
Level Update!, the duals have a small change
35,9k estrellas
UWU
i fck dual
24,916 stars
gg 10 attempts
Nice level :)
GOOD LEVEL :D
OMG
20 Cps ......... (soon) ...
moneda 1 10%,moneda dos 56%,moneda tres 98%
first comment of 2022 :)
Ban
gg 1 attempt on mobile, cool level!
wtf
6000 STARS!! GG!!
2.000 coins, GG :)
:))))))
rob do first cp christmas rates
gg All Coins!
GG 3 coins and 3 atts :)
duckers
CREEDn't
o
the invisible blue orb??!
?!
1att 3 coins thanks almondsloth :)
the jump pad
Like para que fernan lo vea
if this gets 5 likes ill use default icons until 2023
this is the second time did one rate and daily. This has got to mean 2.2 is out soon.... right?.....
5 Likes and i'll delete my brothers tik tok account
liKe tO shut up
5 likes and i shit my pants im not joking
GD AND MINECRAFT BEST GAMES
5 Likes and i'll delete tik tok
1 like and i use wulzy's icon for a month
one like = one person un-permad from heda
hello chat
Amogus
Like for Joe biden dislike for trump
20 likes and I'll do something dumb.
10 likes i rip a fart
20 likes and ill walk into a store and shout big chungus
Lindo nivel :3
pass: 211221 like please :)
Dox yourself on Facebook so you can get the 45 year old milfs to show up at your door
:3
Minty fresh
I SWEAR TO-
your name multiple times in a row is your reaction to your first rate (congrats)
Bro my fking battery got CP?
coin at 85% just click the invisible orb after jumping the spike
Yoo Finally Got Mine Back! :Pog:
this really got rated with one comment
disappointed its not epic ngl
deleting every of my comment is useless if you know
why does this only have 97 likes? it should have at least 5000
did you got a proof that this level is yours?
gj on taking your level back, though the gameplay could be less repetetive
stop it and just admit that you steal it from me!
youre a stealer!
This Level Is Stolen Lmao
ngl think you got robbed of an epic here
stealing someones first cp
OMGG GG for that first creator point dude !!!!!
enjoy that ilegal cp you got from stealing lmao
beautiful name for a creator lol
This is KrmaL gameplay
god you're so cute
one eye open when im sleeping, one aaeee
if you love subwoofer and jeyzor then youll love the gd awards because i saw their names 20 times
banga
BANGER ALERT BANGER ALERT
Fun fact: Im king then since I have no retina in my right eye. Bow to me peasant.
Really good level, GG! :)
he can see two pretty bestfriends
thought this was gonna be insane and then it ended up being medium, super fun too
man i love levels with weird and unique gameplay
thup
one eyed mick72
those duals are so confusing man
one eyed
GG! :)
Kill me
GG! 202 attempts, very fun to learn :)
GG pretty fun :)
I love how original the gameplay is. Amazing
boring
am i the only one who thinks the hall part kinda bad
wake up babe new cooper level upload
is good but boring level
Clean level, very good colour choices but the gameplay could be a bit faster
GGGGG 10k stars :3
Terrific!!!
nice and chill level, dont see how it's "boring"
sick! :)
God my eyes, I was playing at the night DX
gg
GG! :)
3 attempts, unique level I like it
gg
Very boring
cool details
i am blue dabbadebadeebba
i like this
1000 estrellas WAW
mfs saying boring when it's literally a 4 star effect level
Good christmas themed level, really clean and fun!
Sweet, I like it
nice level
cool beans
Pretty cool!
really good ! sent to rob ;)
Cool level, sent :)
really awesome seasonal level!
clean :)
Awesome:) true kh true mint
Awesome! Sent :)
I need to know how to build like this >:)
GG BUEN NIVEL Y FELIZ NAVIDAD !!!
Love everything about it: the theme, deco, gameplay, movements.. It is all smooth, really neat :D
awesome
bug, rip
Merry Christmas.
?
This level is Tree-Mendously amazing!
very clean and smooth nice work
HOLY SHIT THATS GOOD SOMEONE RATE DIS NOW
Coins: big robot jump at 12%, key at 36%, jump over pad at 85%
Oh nice, congrats on your first CP!
So when RATE?
on mobile without ldm because lag didnt matter. this is absolutely amazing!!!
GG :D
FALSES MOM CHALLENGE
defitenily a 3 stars epic level :) good job friend
gg 6 attempts 3 coins
cool
Tbh, it could have gotten an epic imo. Sad it didnt. Amazing level :)
wow
very beautiful
One of my most favorite levels! Good work!
bro this is great rate it NOW
my hardest is acu so when the song started playing i got flashbacks
#ratefeverdream!
Beatiful!!
Yeah, getting me a better attention span is a fever dream..
Fever dreams are generally regarded as an uneasy and/or strange dream. This is peaceful and lively.
The moon is missing because gru stole it
why are u guys complaining about the demon being unsightreadable like isnt that the whole ass point
GG! :)
i'm not anyone's guy please don't call me your guy you're wrong
man this is too good for an alt upload
this went from insane to medium????
terrible gameplay
GG! 211 attempts, ~10 deaths at 97%, not fun to essentially beat the level 10 times to beat it :(
why I keep dying on this invisible sawblade even though I take all orbs, fix this please
Ah yes, tons of toggles, the perfect tool for when you can't make the gameplay flow correctly
this is more unbalanced then deception dive omfg
THIS LEVEL WENT FROM INSANE TO MEDIUM WHAT
tf are those hitboxes my guy 
just a note that rob doesnt decide the demon ratings, the players does.
97% x6 this is just stupid
this is medium demon?
bro this is too hard to be medium demon, please fix all bugs and all troll orbs
I dislike the gameplay!
the hardest part is the first cube bro
first it was overrated, now its underrated. this comment section is so funny
500 like ill use snail icon till 2023
cringe description
Sweet level
ok what do you guys want. Normal rates, demon rates, or first CP rates
epic botting fail?
Sent OwO!
i like yogurt
congrats on daily :)
182,000 Stars, GG! :)
rasism is bad but instant noodles are good
subscribe to Robtop so he can have more subs than Minecraft
the word owo makes me want to commit lego step
"im a furry" looks like i care lol
comment flagged as flag                                                                        [|=]
WHY DO I ALWAYS GET 69% ON EVERYTHINGGG
here before furry apocalypse
furries have taken over the community
he protec he attak but best of all...    he is shrek
like this comment for a loaf of bread
THIS LEVEL IS @SS
Good level, butte....you needed a verifier for a 4 star?
super cool!
make this top comment and i will eat russia
next one gonna be ManiaMania
Like si quieres la 2.2
Making a desert theme in the middle of winter?
Ik it doesnt help a lot, but... 1st Coin at the top of your screen(70%) and the second: Jump at 97%
Nice :)
es goku ^-^
I love it! beautiful backgrounds, good level :)
Why does the level have to stop at the drop?
nice level :)
Nice level :)
el nicio es muy EL CIELO RESPLANDECE A MI ALREDEDOR 
LDM?
wait.... there's a verifier???
how many
gg
1 att gg
Son Goku ?
que buen  nivel
Nice one, sent :)
deez nugz
Not bad, sent :)
what is up with just orb at 6%, its just bugged
wtf
Very bad transitions
kaguya xD
advyout
GG,NICE!
:(
Gg!
this is incredible
GG! 1 coin
GG
nuggetz
Muy lindo!! Especialmente la parte de la nave
Ah yes, i was spaming
gg
Me Encata El Nive Y Tambien La Music XD :) 
Beautiful level, sent :)
i had no idea what i was doing
Futuristic Rex! :D
literally cant see during bossfight
this bossfight is so comically bad it made me laugh
70k stars
I predict the future
really clean and good level ! sent to rob ;)
Chunchito ya me acabe tus niveles crea mas pls uwu
putting a bossfight blocking the 50% of the screen isn't the best idea...
like for  waffles
great
@Edooox no :sosig:
good but the boss literally blocks half of the screen
awesome bossfight
gg amazing song and level but i cant see shit with the boss taking up my entire screen
Absolutely amazing level, the only problem was that 71% is bugged on 360fps, but I played it on 240fps and it worked so I was able to beat it :)
GG =]
I can't see my icon during bossfight lol
huh
this is so beautiful !!
god this is awesome
 charming as always :)
Nice gameplay
GG! 57,000 stars :)
this is epic
level styles are pretty varied. i like them, they're cool
LOVE, wave part... :)
semen
very calm and smooth, I like the robot gameplay :) GG!
Amazing! :)
Todos Mis Amigos Videollamandome Que Pesaos
1 ATTEMP GG
you absolutely nailed the atmosphere GG
quite epic
gg EPIC AND FUNNY LVL! :o
Fair gameplay, I liked it
GG great level
Nice Level
amazing sync and amazing atmosphere
Like = Insane demon              Dislike = Hard demon                  Ignore = Extreme demon
Claim your here before feature ticket here: -------------------------------------------------------
Oh my god, this is amazing! a actual good recent level
here before feature, this is absolutely frikin beautiful
claim your, Here before feature, here
i kinda wish that there was a comment on this level not talking about nexus or a here before feature
Anyone from Nexus
FINALLY 3224 atts. GG!
GG! :)
Pass is 001337  ;)
Update: Added an ULDM + Fixed minor visual bug.
This was gonna be one of my favorite insane demons but i got so unlucky it ruined it
Got pretty unlucky but it's still an awesome level. Definitely an insane demon, GG!
Update: 80% orb is now much easier + 2 VERY SMALL nerfs in the first cube.
rate this robtop
omg so painful..90 x 2, 88 x 5 and so many fails past 75, 5703 att on mobile!
I might nerf the 92% because most people seem to think that its a bug (its not).
el ultimo 25% es extreme wtfffffffffffff
i think this is epic insane demon. GG
jonathan style
this level is probably harder than 100 percenting celeste
Thank you everyone for all your support :)
" ;0-
so so so so sooo good!! great job to everyone that worked on this
claim your "here before rate" ticket
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
easily the best level of 2021 it's SO GOOD
MODS
no joke you can like this comment 2 times
Masterpiece
Can't wait for the sequel, Scuffed Summit
THANK YOU EVERYONE!!!
its so lame that all the best lvls are the hardest
I feel very sorry for everyone who has to play my part every attempt :D
THANK YOU ROBTOP!!!!
YEEESSSSSSSSSSS BEST LEVEL EVER I LOVE IT SO MUCH I LOVE ALL OF YOU
i hacked this comment so you can like it twice xD
OHH YESS, HOLY SH*T, FINALLY 7978 att GGs
MODS
LETS A GOOOOOOOO
Pene
like for gd dislike for fortnite
"Amerikanskaya firma "Tranceptor Technology" pristupila k proizvodstvu komp'uterov...
@Edooox sure.
@4y4 wanna join in the sputnik with me?
@4y4 ???-?????-????, nome commerciale Sputnik V
Cool atmosphere! :D
Did you vaccinated yet? Like for Yes, Dislike for No
really cool designs in some parts :)
Fire! Rob u need to give epic to Edoox like a gift on New Year :)
no edoturno 0/10
Pfizer
i love it
I haven't been vaccinated yet (I'm not one of those anti-vaccine cults, I'm waiting for my vaccine).
Sputnik V Vaccine
you always make such good gameplay
gg!
edooox tech
Like for Sputnik Dislike for V
WOOAAH
like if you come from nexus
when nexus types (demon) in the title, that means I can beat it 
i dont care if you came from nexus lol
1 like = 1 posibility of rate 
I love my life...
Great remake! The original is one of my favourites too :)
Ayyy it got rated :) I'd say easy-medium demon should be the rate.
GG! :)
Good Level! ;-p
rate this a demon 
good level :)
99% LoL :(
Nexus?
GG first victory :D
like si viniste por el nexus
love this design, GG
Seeing as Takeoff was my first medium demon and has a big place in my heart, this is a absolute masterpiece, GG 97 att
Medium Demon!? #RateBlastOff
368att My first Medium Demon GG!!!!
Like if you know what level this is a remake of
"Stay" is a legend...
like for yun dislike for viprin ignore for serponge
Nice one, sent :)
like for yunhaseu dislike for nornide
one day Yun will get top1 creator
LIKE IF YOU KNOW THE OG SONG"Stay"
my mom took my xbox becuz this level said swears :(
Like for YunHaSeu14 mod ;)
comments saying "like if you know the OG song Stay" as if it wasnt a #1 hit lmao
like Yun Dislike viprin
#YunHaSeu14top1crators
ill be trucked up if you can't be where I am
u must be a tiktoker
esta chido el nivel
0: it says f nono word
this is one of my favorite songs B)
Esta hermoso =]
Yunhaseu's all rated level completed w/ all coins GG
Cool! 1 attempt!
THIS LEVEL IS THE BEST
"last part of the mania series"  releases a new mania level
buenisimo pana
here before rate ------->
envienlo a robtop
Like if you love pacman ^.^
vas bien hs
Very nice level, could have more work done on optimization, but still not bad!
!Sent
the beginning mini portal looks like a ship portal -_-
yo
KrazyManix
here bfore rate
Really poorly optimized
send to robtop
good level :)
played this for a few seconds, already hate it
Cool level. The first part doesn't fit the music particularly well but the rest is really nice.
Those duals doesnt make it 8* at all, 9* or easy demon
annoying as hell
super fun
alright thats enough gd for today
How my grandparents went to school
Enjoy the pain
I lost 4 years of life with this 99%
next time just drive bro
yes I confirm my statement I'm very homosexual for this level
honestly can't tell whether this should be 5* or Demon, very cool level though!
imagine actually dying at 99% on this game, lol...
Completed! without getting 99% fail...
parents: just 1 more level before bed. me:
THIS IS INCREDIBLE
Thanks for letting me verify it!!
honey, I'm home
Spiderman : The Long Walk Home
1600 clicks in 1 attempt wow
like for epic =================^^^
uhh yeah, can i just take a taxi?
duuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuude
everybody gangsta until they see the song size
Masterpiece! This is incredible :D
like if you still play gd
recent tab moment
Like: monke. Dislike: monke. Ignore: monke.
really good level sent :)
tutorial para ser zurdo:
i can't fcking see
S U S
secret way on 80%.
i cant seeee
my eyes aaaaaaaaah
awesome 9* level ill beat it later any of yall in the comments try my recent levels in the name here
Backwards
GG!!!!!!!!
kinda enjoyable
*Dies*
k
MASTERPIECE
medium demon
HUH???
Muchas gracias por usar mi musica. :)
this is actually really well done and fun lol
cool :)
this is so good, thx for dedicating for me :))
GG first victor! Thank you for the dedication :)
super fun! totally deserves epic
it is my favorite level
gg really cool level :)
very cool end art and level
it shold be named forest
1 attempt
That is some great scenery!
All the landscapes are so well created... Well done :D
GG! Free coins :)
GG! :) COOL
Teach me how to build like this.
cool modern level :) I like it :3
good level
GG 104,000 Stars! <3
Got 10 cp in this year 2021! Was a great experience! Thank you so much rob !!
Pretty cool level! Gg! :)
What a clean level you got there. =D
Good level, sent :)
secret way
1 attp amazing atmosfere
Why the hell this isn't epic yet ._. robtop please
gg
beautiful mix of glow and modern styles. favorited <3
Nice
GG! :)
GG
h
GG 1att :))
lol 2att
Gg
So clean !
GG
great lvl gg!!
ermozo
GG :)
gg
not bad :)
My end level in this year :)
OMG! This level is my first daily thank you so much rob!
geoxor is stupidly overrated all he does is make mediocre beats and slam some sex noises over it
..... 1 like= 1 more %
why does everyone hate mods? they are the reason that the lvl gets rated and you even comment on the lvl soooo shush
friends are like balloons   you stab them they existnt
dailies with geoxor songs are more frequent than wave gameplay youtube content creators
Fortnite is shid
muy buen nivel bro! felicidades por los 1000 subs :)
pass:202104
funny level name
To be honest, I feel like good gameplay is harder to make than a good decoration style / design.
GG. Congrats on your 1k subs on Youtube. Keep it up.
this level is very beautiful , deserves to be on the daily level
sur send me level req on gd msg
when a dog licks their balls, its normal, but when i do it, its impressive
femboy furry in chat wtff
getting dislike is easier than getting top comment
Fortnite is shit
this gp is fire and nobody can tell me otherwise
Very fun level, GG! :)
i feel like braeden doesnt care about the hate. shes just doing what she want and i admire that :)
jetpack
i love you
this gp is fire and nobody can tell me otherwise
like if here before rate.
@lnate i dont care this took me like 20 years so im proclaiming it as an insane because my luck sux
GG, 2243 attempts, first victor :) Got extremely unlucky, but still had fun. LETS GO!
Based
Mom get the camera!
So good! u never dissapoint!!
my first hard memory lvl. all of crocos rated lvls completed (again)
didnt have to jump at 97.. i did jump at 97.. .. .. it killed me :(
total 2299atts gg. fun memory level :)
after 40 attempts... I finally beat... 3%...
(real)
Before Rate?
croc over here speedrunning beating viprin in cp
jetpack joyride
Nice
Fun level, sent :)
Oh My GOD... Thank you so much for the first rating!!!
gg! first coin: tap at 12 for key, coin at 19 second coin: time robot jump to not hit yellow pads
Feature please
Definitely rate worthy level. Nicely work! :)
this will be daily:)
u.u
Go
here before rate ->
design 10/10 but the many moving objects smade it annoying to play
Awesome
Hope it gets featured
gg
practice mode?
Geometry  Dash
I got beatifull live
>5HH5>?>II@>@
ez
gg
pass is 446799 you should give me likes... now!
FIRST VICTOR BABY WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Omg green
gg
Legendary :)
If it is not rated, I'll go to Sweden and kick Rubrub's ass 
SO GLAD TO SEE THIS VERIFIED AND RATED!!
Gu.
A NEW Top 10 EXTREME Is VERIFIED! | "Verdant Landscape" by Nisha
woah
gu by me
Like if Pitipote64 Is Gay, And St1pidly Annoying
Hot fixed :)
this level is like my pp, it doesn't look to hard until you play with it yourself
good song
below me is Swi verifier 
best level 
AWERSOME LEVEL!!!!!! I LOVE IT 
#rateverdantlandscape
Best level. (Robtop Rate this pls)
amazing level!!
First coin: Get potion at 5% and coin rewarded after. 2nd: Key in Spider. 3rd: bottom in spaceship;)
this level got me 800th coins (3) thanks for the good level <3
Thanks so much for the dedication <3
a bit lacking but not bad. wouldve like to see the removal of the 10% endscreen at the end tho
MERECE EPIC ROBTOP!!!!
Coins: 1st coin: potion at 5%, 2nd coin: key at 63% and 3rd coin: 83% go to the bottom
1.Coin 4%Tap 19% Coin  2.Coin 63% Tap 66%Coin  3.Coin 83%
Also great level! congrats on featured :D
*here not we I'm pretty sure but great level :)
GG featured thx rob :')
Gg!!!TopNum158:)3Coins
good
this looks pretty cool, i would fix some of the skips in the gameplay tho :)
So cool as always :)
An orb late-timing in a 3 star???
Big fan of your style c: I enjoyed a lot this lvl UwU
6k stars :)
THIS IS SO GOOD! I LOVE THAT THE LYRICS ARE RIGHT THERE OMG THIS WAS SO FUN!
Epic level,Good music
thank you guys for using my song ! :)
This is fabulous !!! Nice collab: ') 
End screen by me HEHEHE :3 I love U AdONAY
im glad of having a part here :) 
pov : waiting adonay epic
transition was a bit sudden here, other than that pretty solid level:)
Awesome! First collab <3
Bueno fue dificil, pero no imposible  :D
Yo this is fire
Gg
Just too laggy after 65%, please fix.
Para cuando el epic, haces niveles hermosos
Song is a banger.
very nice atmosphere but gameplay needs work
Y el epic ?
GGWP XD ;) TOP LEVEL #80 ._.
GG! :)
17 attempts, about half in practice. Fun and well decorated level
good level btw 699 likes
te preguntan cual es el mejor nivel con glow, respuesta V E E R
little bit repetition but good color variations. btw I like this song because you know
hey
parking lot
this song...
bad gameplay 3/10
BASEDD
extreeim deamun
ola
nice
the transitions between the wave and ship suck ngl
q pedo con la cancion xd
jingle floyd circles
im dumb
Are you seriuos
GG 11,111 stars lmao
hood classic
Good deco, bad gameplay
this song is nostalgic
pov: You got challenged to make a song with the 8o song
really fun gameplay
LOVE YOU GUYS!!!
Top 39  (GG)
pretty sure robs done right here
it occurs to me that ive found a bug
this is pretty cool, has some things that could be added like some glow effects, but cool stuff :^
bug
i skip the ship portal
GG TOP 199 :D
Level the 6            RobTob: nope 5
looks cool but i got no clue what is going on
gg
its harder to understand what kills you and what not than the level itself
i found a bug- when you dont hit the purple dash orb in the first spider part, in the ship you spid
Wtf is this chat...
GG TOP 198 :D
mmm pretty cool mate
h
gg
i got no clue whats going on here but ill act like ill do
Glaive - 1984
like this comment if your a boy
109.114.162.141
 homosexuals are gay as hell
__[;-;]_______/\/\/\____
i totally thought this was just gonna be acorn again lmfao
what we ACTUALLY need in 2.2 is breeding requests so we can breed icons like in My Singing Monsters.
Nice argument bro. Unfortunately, 7770 Cambridge Street, Everett, MA, 02149, 124.16.107.140
ITS HIGH NOOOOOOOOOOON
designs cleaner than my google search history after I wipe it
Buckle up! This gunslingers loaded!!!
the chances of you giving out your own ip address while making a joke are low, but never zero.
does being attracted to Billionaires make me a BUYsexual
antonsen, advy, crazen, and jordantrs getting a fortnite squads win in prison
like si amas a tu mama
bosch i don't rage i am a peaceful canada native
ITS HIGH NOOOOOOOOOOON
ITS HIGH NOOOOOOOOOOON
YT shorts is better than tiktok
ass
I WASTED 5 KEYS TO GET 20 PUNY WORTHLESS DIAMONDS
you're*
For anyone wondering why it isnt XL. i wanted it to be but i didnt realise the song ends at 1:50
GUYS STOP EATING PLASTIC ITS BAD FOR YOU #TeamSeas
100k stars. Incredible level
cool level but kinda annoying gameplay lol
i feel good
sley has become one of my favourite creators
password is 453219
1% gamer
Good Morning GD Players :D
life in plasric is not fantastic
How are you so awesome
make this top comment and i will eat plastic with aeonair
Great level, GG! :)
GG! :)
how is this hard demon?
im plastic
Sent to SleyGD!
i love u sley
Gg, one of my favourite levels in the game. Also vote this guy as best design creators in awards pls
#advyout
change back to hard demn. this is not medium
Thanks to: Arb, kr1t, dominus, icewither, Zipi, Cerberus, Oasis, Kelleyxp, SparksOmega, and Grax
3,900 Demons, GG! :)
awesome deco, awful gameplay
personally this is very unfun, with a lot of really cheap and unfair timings. 4/10
great work bro
Amazing level :)
this level is very level
thanks so much rob!!!!
wtf is the first ship
GG! :)
DAMN THIS IS AN AWESOME LEVEL fluke from 34 :3 gg!
definitely medium, just a little funky to learn. sp that dual robot/ball part
It's out :o
Insanely good deco, but holy cow this is a hard demon.
Very awesome work James! :)
Replace the N O V U With P E N I
gameplay is really unbalanced, pretty awkward, and a bit annoying imo. deco is beautiful though :)
i love this level
Nacht is night in German, for anyone wandering.
forgot the coins, brb
PhursT
blueberries will rule the world.
free user coins
HOW HARD IS IT TO PROPERLY RATE LEVELS ROBTOP
good stuff!
gg
the name of this level gives me old cod zombies nostalgia
I love this level, made me feel motivated a lot
Gute nacht an alle XD
GG
:)
thanks for this nice christmas gift rob :D
cool level ^^
1 attempt, neat level
arrowNote is cool
chale es de dia pero con gusto me duermo 
thank you arrownote for expressing my self
This level made me smile :)
the song just came out yesterday wtf    thisis AMAZING
dude go outside
how tf do you build levels so fast holy
this is ridiculous for only 1 day. i recommend touching grass.
I enjoyed a lot making this lvl
I really liked the colors! Sent :)
first coin jump at 11% also pls go outside
Creo + Geometry dash= masterpiece
Not bad, sent :)
we got an antisocial creator here
The fact that i SPEEDRUNED this lvl and has the word DREAM on it is so funny
that's some mad cool gameplay. 10/10!
SPEEDRUN
Good level :D
Wtf such a speedy build and with such quality (it would be awesome if this got rated)
I can mc speedrun
like if here before featured             >>>>>>
omg this level is so fun jesus
awsom
How in the world can you make a level with this quality, that fast!? Song came out 3 days ago wtf
gameplay needs some improvement, but the deco is really good
this is not insane demon lmao
like this comment and i'll sketch the universe.
After reading this comment, you will realise that the lyrics to the song is the word starbucks.
yay!! GG!
It really sucks that 60-80% is trash since the rest of the level is so good
so this is probably a harder-med demon but it says insane so... GGGGG FIRST INSANE NEW HARDEST :DD 
and tomorrow it will be easy demon...
GG! :)
can dis get mor liks than mods
this used to be insane demon lmao
GGGGGGGG 127 ATTTTTT MY FIRST INSANE DEMON YEEEEEEEEES
bro that green orb at 67 :/
rob top make this featured and demon
rip the insane demon rating
231 attempts lol how is this insane demon
pass 666666
guys ik its very easy but its only easy because its consistent. its stil insane demno gameplay u just learn it very fast
that is not an insane demon lmao
insane demon to medium demon lol
this is great wdym
Cool stuff :)
great atmosphere, i wish the gameplay was easier to sightread though
fat
not too proud of this level but whatever i needed to release something 
wowthis amazing
pretty quirky
ILOVEITILOVEITILOVEIT
i love this 
omg level be good like omg !111
so cute
pretty good work
i love this level
Ultra-underrated :(
finally
This is amazing!
in which place?
3rd Attempt :D
relaxing vibes really cool level :)
gg:)
gg 5 attempts 3 coins, shit transitions...
Hola otra vez 
wait cosmic creamer?
I hate your part :)
Thanks robtop
GG csmre!! a por los 20 cps wapo:)
59,000 stars ;)
gg, kinda bad gameplay at anuar's part ngl
Like if you died at the UFO
uploid level (upload joke, you get it?) lol
I LOVE THIS MAP but my device is very lagggg
bro, i ded in  an auto part
Esta bien genial, GG!! + 3 coins.
this song is like cursed
POV: Te robas los creator points
gg
#hola
coolwannacolan
ufffffffff.Very nice!
This saw is ass
I feel like your backgrounds and block designs could use more to them
cool, but next time try more orginal stuff ;)
blind transition at 43% but otherwise good
not bad :)
mengmantap
Never seen something this good in recent tab lol
ampun sepuh
at around 30% you miss the spike and fall
desserts backwards is stressed
Epic! Hareru
Yosh!!!
Nice Level! GG!
goodly!
I want Figure :D
my only complains are the transitions and the last part, it looks rushed, other than that great lvl
sirenhead
Some parts were lack of background but overall great level <3
wow nice level :)
beware that your level does not become a complete ripoff of a few khelado, elitexd or mikis parts t
doneee
beat saber song
cool level
Anubis
before rate/perde reita))
Btw gg for first rate
the level drops so much in quality in the second half, kinda sad to see the level fall apart
cool, I'd put fade out on the soundtrack
gg 29.8k stars 200 left until 30,000!
thank you all
muy bueno
rob unrate my level or else you support slavery
Much better than the chaos gaunlet anubis level like if you agree
veitnam flashbacks upon looking at the title
:ochki s ysami". a vi tozhe OBED? LOL KEKW
50th like :D
nice)
privet ot maffaki
pretty awesome level :)*
?
i beat this in Walmart :)
Masterpiece, hope this will be epic soon!
My best level so far!
amazing bro sent !
Gorgeous.
No epic = Robtop drunk again
This is so sick dude
Well, my very last level, what a journey...
this is incredible
absolutely beautiful
ROB WHY NO EPIC?!!
no way...
Here before feature                    - - >
how the hell did this not get epic
How is this not epic
Rob, I think you forgot something. Where's the epic?
w o a h
Feature only? Come on! This is literally epic!
lag
This may be my new favorite holy man...
no way it's not epic ???
:D
holy moly! this level is super awesome! the teleport gamemode is also super cool! sending to mods!
7 att gg
hay algunas partes del gameplay que pueden mejorar, la deco esta muy bonita!! gracias por la dedi <3
Ta cul como dice la chaviza wachin naaah gracias por dedicarmelo pa cuando las garrapinadas <3
gg c:
get ready for ur first cp soon :)
twitter bird at the start
uve
rate plz
oh so cute spasibo za top lvl
nice
wow i love that teleport gp
WOW
muy GOOOD brodi :3
buena decoracion e interesante gameplay!
Felicidades por tus primeros CP :) Disfrutalos
gg secret way at 70%
Version 2: bugs fixed, ldm finalized. :^)
gg
that l ikebot tho
i need all you corn bread macaroni cheese pig feet eating mfs- get this to 236 likes
Can we like bot on me plz
i nEED BOATEM COMMENT   ,,,,
-420% chance to be l.ikebotted
yo spagh
Hi Gormuck
I come back to gd after 2 years, and so many toddlers begging for likes in the chat wtf
im not like the other girls, i play geometry dash
hey, robs not late
that game is cool without 2.2 already, why yall so hyped
if i get 10 likes, i will reveal my state location
like for gd/minecraft dislike fortnite
i dont think 2.2 is ever gonna come put :(
nice job enjoy your 3cp
GG! :)
oui
:sob:
like if your think im stpid
@GoldenNamed oui
time to go to bed ;)
to all of you who said "good morning", congratulations, you're the least original human on earth
how does this have the same difficulty as poltergeist? i don't understand the rating system...
my god you got good at creating
ok so my last comment got 4 dislikes why? can this get at least 1 like?????????
nada mal, sent to mods :)
is it legit to say bad night?
the beginning is annoying and the gameplay sucks but it's not that bad
sleep is for the weak
:D
Nadie se abia preocupado tento por mi
900 User Coins!
This level makes me tried
Como que ya estoy perdiendo mi avilidad:10att2Coins
almost auto
:)
radio is very annoing
gg all coins
tiene para rate
good afternoon/evening/morning
the santa art in the last part is the epitome of my gd career tbh
omg evw played this in his latest video LOL
people saying i stole this level, meanwhile i lterally made the song used in it lol
presents itself quite well given the joke name
super fun gameplay
Who Came From EVW?
brain is now going on santas good list
I like how you went about the theming and its very fun to play, nice work :)
Good work with the blending screens. Also always appreciate creators making their own songs :)
"Santa" is an anagram of "Satan". I thought it was a coincidence until I saw this.
who came from evw?
Really fun! Sent :)
TYSM ROB!! <33
@homeboye *turns the bass up even more*
Sent :)
Why isnt this rated??
I... LOVE THIS <3
Holy crap that was incredible! Thanks EVW for including this in a video! Around 7* difficulty IMO
yall come from evw?
why do people get so pressed about people rate begging like just ignore it and move on
Comment flagged as potato.                               [eat]
Fun level :)
Great level bro! Sent :)
Love to find gems in the recent tab :)
i had a level i was going to release on january 1 2018 with the same exact name
simple and clean, I like it :)
orange and purple perfect combination
beat it before its famous!
Done :)
1 attempt GG :)
spagh and gormuck going crazy with old level sends
WHY NOT 69 :O
good level , also wtf rob rated like 30 1-7* got damn
2018
37808 stars.
comment falgged as not goodddd             [dont like]
1 att and 1 coin!
GG's. 1 Coin.
noice
gg
It's spooky month :D
First episode got rated in 11/11/20, the second got rated in 12/11/21 lmao.
i love how the intro screen says "trick or treak"
how is this insane 9??
You really need to work on your gameplay next time, especially the transitions
Many of the transitions between parts are very hard to sightread, still deserves epic tho :)
"Nice crash"
friday night f***ing
POG! FIRST EPIC! TYSM ROBTOP! :0
i should call among us imposter att 3:00 am?
@leikieGD No worries! This is your opinion and I respect that. I'll make a better gp next time :)
the level is really good only ome bad thing is that when u die u gotta wait like 10 seconds to play
spooky month!
Sorry for my disturbing messages. I've been losing my mind over the criticism. So sorry, xo.
it's spooky month!     (Sr   Pello)
Version 9 : nerf last ufo part + warning before last ship part
GG, 201 att, but the difficulty is too unbalanced, especially at 66% with that green orb timing :(
Version 3 : 65% bug is fixed (suggested by Zorktron)
ITS THE SPOOKY BEFORE CHRISMTAS :D
I can't believe that 100,000 players played my level! Thank you so much, that's mean a lot for me! 
fun fact: etoilys backwards is syliote, which doesnt translate to anything
j'ai envoye le niveau a robtop
Like if you thought the ldm guide would lead you to the end of the level
super clean and very fun, great job!
Decent, some parts could be better! Good job :)
Kinda cool actually, though I didnt like some of the gameplay choices
not bad but a little bit inconsistent
password: 144144. like so everyone can see :)
pretty sick ngl
bad
cool ldm!
i really like this but i wish it was optimized better, really laggy even on the uldm
Second Thought its easy demon
Video on my Youtube channel for the 2nd coin and the pass! (don't forget to suscribe)
trop fort nire
this is epic (literally)
GG nice end! :D
GG! :)
they really put a powerpoint presentation about the ldm
lol.....last click
Very good lvl graded :)
added some arrows at the last cube so hopefully its a bit easier to sightread 
if possible, make a more unbalanced ending, thanks
im not very good at the game today but this level looks fire
Worst Extreme Fail 
...
This is certainly a level
bunk
1.9 style ftw
Cool!
not 5*
1 att :D
Not 5 stars.......
very good
GG 22900 stars :D
GG 7000 st4rs!!!
another 1.9 masterpiece lol
fun and nice
nostalgic GD 1.9 more levels pls
Legendary lvl Graded bro :)
Like if you saw the "XD"
honestly not a bad level, but how did your retinas not burn off while you were working on it
double rate what gg
epilepsy warning
amazing level
cant believe i found a good level in recents
NOOOOO!!!
Beautiful :>
My... Eyes... I feel... PAIN
COMO VUELVAS A DECIR Q MIS NIVELES SON MEJORES ME CABREO, PERO SI ESTO ES UNA OBRA MAESTRA
Cool
gg! i will make sure a mod sees this on twitch or yt.
sh1t level
): otsug eM
Buen nivel crack 
nice
cool :)
nice
NOOOOOOOOO
partition playing this rn? never knew that
LIKE SI NO ERES MODERADOR XD
ragnooo
Fortnite players: ugh i hate that i have to wait 2 months for an update! >:(   GD players: pathetic.
no one cares if you were from nexus
3d ragno
You did really well this time ale!
Fantastic as always
i cant wait for 2.3d update
This comment isn't hacked,you can only like it once.
like si girlyale02 crea buenos niveles en 3D :D
can we all agree for a second that this is one of the greatest levels of all time?
:ragnoo:
ragnooooo 
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOO THAT WAS SO HYPE
really make you feel like a cube
Vote for daily ---------->
I don't like it. I LOVE IT! :D
guys ..should i put a text that says "dont tap" at 94%? (cuz i see many people dying at 94%)
The fact, that you used less than 40K objects for this, is really impressive :)
2.3 sneack peak
hardest 9 star in the game
i want the demon now ;-;
Too easy for demon difficulty in my opinion ;3; Really fun anyways!
srry robtop iz busy rating glow lvls, hes not present here today
really solid demon , good work mate :)
Honestly this level is not worth beating if it's not a demon
btw thanks for epic :)
Thanks for using my song man! :) I love the level! (not sure if I'll be able to beat it lol)
why 9 stars level are always missed easy demon ?
its an easy demon for sure. robtop change the rate of this level pls
RobTop really had the audacity to rate this 9* huh
Feature :) -----'------>
this is easy demon lol xd
why not a demon?
I feel like this should have been rated as Easy Demon instead of 9*
It didn't get demon lol
*9 stars* WTF!?
Baka rubrub , this is obviously demon
rip mobile players
dimon
cool
not bad :)
I like the visuals here, good job!
Love the energy of the drop parts, not bad :)
Like if you like blue
Really fun level, GG! :)
Very very nice for a first level. Work on color and glow work a little more in the future :)
free demon lol
Al fin Gian #RateLazuri, #Nickselatraga 
Really nice for your first featured level, maybe try to improve transitions in the future! GG :)
i liked it 
gg 
ggg
gggg racing with bzze (the guy under me)
banger
70% is horrible
Finally!
You can tell that you put a lot of effort into it, just perfect :) GG!
GG! #1879
gg! 1839 att
really liked this, for some reason
amazing, it needs feature, very cool and great job :D
pretty nice and easy level
youll get cp soon, i know it.
beautiful
very nice
gg! #rubrubrate
this needs a rate
1000 likes, tysm :D
GG RATE BRO GGGGGGGG
this should be feature worthy
just send it to some mods and this will get featured 100%. Good luck on your first cp :)
Interesting, would like to see this being polished a bit more but definitely a nice level :)
sent it yesterday, lets see how many mods like it ;)
cupcake
i love this lvl it inspired me
It looks like you gave up having an easy demon and just nerfed it in the second part's creation.
lag, the level
the level is good but instead of that t3 dark screen try add a t3 blending bg color
Nice.
wtf this is so good, ive found two rate worthy levels in the recent tab lol
vengo de face vi tu nivel le doy like:)
Otro rate, Gracias RobTop :3
Vengo de fb, tu nivel esta muy god
GG. Beat it with my dog by my side.
owo is great 
It looks unusual o-o
otro rate :0
i am so bad
simple, pero muy bueno... te la rifaste IIYanixII
Buenisimo Gg!
Lets take a moment to appreciate this fun gameplay.
Amazing colors and decent gameplay, good job
gg
Congrats!
all coins!
nice level :)
14k stars lets go
piola
2000
LOL
can creators start adding bright modes to dark levels? i cant see wave at all
THIS IS SO GOOD! :O
really cool actually
banger
absoulutely creative level, if it werent too dark tho i believe its perfect for the vibe
i love the atmosphere, also HH
Gg =)
recientes
out of all the fonts you could have used you chose the only one that youre not allowed to use
this is so good
next time i make a level of this style i'll make it brighter dw :)
GG! 16,000 Stars :D
nice level!
25.935eme stars
naiiiiiss 
gg
gg.
c
GG!
102stile did a lot of great stuff in this level, show him some support! :)
YAY, noice :)
ultimate
GG! :)
quite unbalanced but cool
when i was making the layout it was meant to be a 9* lmao
Update #1: Fixed the skippable speedchanger in the intro.
Fun level, GG! :)
Almost fluked from 37 :(
Awesome, I feel like the style switch is actually presidented here well :)
what's the point of playing the level if you don't like the gameplay? like dude, just don't play it
the gameplay is good apart from the kind of junky ship corrector at the start ngl
GGs! Took me way longer tho lmao
this spider section literally doesnt sync at all
98% is such a troll lol
should be hard demon, the downrate was stupid
115 attempts + 1 coin. #278. Why is it hard demon?
gg 230 atts
rip first hard demon
Stav' nomer svoei kreditnoi karti, esli ti zastryal v bunkere Putina.
kalian nub 
levelnya susah tpi gw jago
very cool
zuzah
GG! :)
orang dibawah gw sok jago
cie pitur
keren
with that said. that last part. what
very energetic and fun! a lot of parts definitely used glow a bit too much but the designs at their core are nice
will add ULDM later, need to sleep cuz its already midnight and i nedd to go work tommorow.
kog keren sih, jadi suka deh ama levelnya
damn jor, ga boleh gitu
bangun
collan tahun depan request insane demong
Update : Added ULDM. not gonna update the uldm anymore, already playable enough in my low end phone
turu :sleeping_accomodation:
This deserves epic in my opinions+fluke from 40% OwO
I'd rate this Hard Demon
GG! :) 78 Attempts! Quality glow style, I like that kind of gameplay! Very fun level!
After 70% I can't read any of the dash orbs took me a while to figure out they were even there.
Is it me, or these 6 stars becoming more 7 star ish lol
It's so bright that I can't see 70%~ of the orb
i really thought this level was named after me and then i re read it
terrible level
finally rated after two month! Thank you guys :))
Nice
70-80 really bad even after practice
styles here really lack cohesion, which matters a lot for producing a finished looking product
wow
send, send, cool music ')
the 70-80% section is awful and unreadable
can you please not have white dash orbs, thanks
LAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
Congrats chill! :)
nice design but the drop part was hard to read
GG!
i died and it said "chill." xD
GG :)) Nice ~~~
whoooa
like y quemo la casa de nitsel
se bugeo el + ._ .... y hay 130k de obj xD
Mexico segun la peliculas gringas:
Abrazos, no balazos <3
donde esta el art de amlo y el logo de morena? -9999
mexiGOD
Elotes me disparan, y yo se los regreso. Que gran colaboracion hicimos, tremendo nivel <3
wow
Ahh prros les quedo bien chingon, Viva mexico cabrones >:)
i guess there arent J blocks in mexico
Me hubiera gustado vestirme como el dibujo de mi art :c
por este tipo de cosas estoy orgulloso de ser mexicano <3
like si eres mexico chingon!!
a Fantastic in Mexico now from friends Thank You all of 5 Creators!!
like si eres de mexico
DIOSSSSSSSSS lo que me costo este nivel, aun asi esta muy bueno ^^
send me to mexico right now. please.
pass?
con quien dormiras hoy, like: dios ignora: diablo
Pacman Mexicano: <|:{v
i like this
I dig this, it feels very alive
i used to roll the dice
cool
if you thought of Fallen Kindom or Captain Sparkles, your a legend
COIN: Jump very late at 3%, on the second platform, so that you land at the edge of the third one
sick movements are clean asf
aAAAAAAA
viva el amor
glad this finally got rated dude
song is banned. oh well, that was expected
consistency could have been a bit better, but overall it is well put together 
Pretty nice, and fun too. would love to see more progression though. Maybe change the colors a bit?
hmmm, okay, i send it ')
come on, this level deserves more likes! more love! like the level if u readin this pls :)
this was my dads favorite song
Like If you love Coldplay's Music :)
Ew. CoLDpLAy. Cool level though
de seguro el nivel le sirvio para un weon que se iba a su1cidar y vio el nivel y decidio no hacerlo
viva mexico cabrones >:3
this is now my favourite trilogy in the game
Cool level, sent :)
big fart
ripped a MASSIVE fart while playing this one
These three levels are definitely my favorite in the game. Just amazing <3
when you choose a easy rated level and the thing that popped up was an auto level
whats 7638?
13k jumps
!?
20k jumps
That's why making auto levels is way easier than non-auto levels
GG! 136.000 stars :)
10778 jumps
...
34840 stars
What... was that??
all auto-levels completed again!
35000 stars!
15526 jumps
god damn, this is probably one of my FAVORITE levels, this is just out of this world
ratio, krit.
GG! :)
LeMid James
i eat the dennys menu
116 attempts (+ 1 coin). #1561
geometry dash community really coming up with creative names these days
midbron
GG awesome level :)
GG! :)
GG! :) 163 Attempts (On Phone)! Dynamic and beautiful drop! Very fun level!
72% ship part is like a tumor on this level. omg thats annoying
no egg + not grand + where's my sandwich + goobFRAUD imo
feels kinda unbalanced, but that might just be me (or buggy from 75 hz)
-What is your favourite food? -It's complicated...
slope bugg
bug. Invincible slope sometimes irritate me at 67%
Omg i just fluked this from 20% after practising, GG!
gp is pretty rough 
egg grand slamwich
GG! #1861
harder that sakupen circles
coin 1: skip the orb at 30% coin 2: skip the orb at 49%. Bv
im re-doing the beginning of the level
for the first coin you must touch 18%... Like?
ooh update is rlly nice :) the gp is wayy better
Damn I missed this song
I rly like the bgs but it could have some more variables still send for rate :)
thank god you remade the first half
fixed the jump at 45 with a jump pad lol
i very hate blind jump
esto es harder 6*
GG
extreme demon
easier than skaupen cricle
BRO THE SONG IS 2.9 MB WHY IT TAKIN 5 HOURS TO LOAD
good level but bad transitions
good for you for changing the beginning :)
friggin jump pads
cool :)
gg
gameplay was a little hard to see at times but not bad :)
definitely see potential in you, sent for rate, lets see what you can do next :)
Nice one :)
quite enjoyable to play and innovates on the base effect pretty well. good job! sent for feat :)
Eyop
Pretty enjoyable :)
MI PARTE ES LA ULTIMAAAA
gg feature
Congrats on the feature :)
ambiente consistente, buen nivel. ojala llegue al feat! ;)
really cool level probably a dialy
WoW, 2cp this level bro:)
:)
gdps de anuar xd
GG!!
FINALLY RATED :D VIVAAA
7 att, GG bro por tu segundo nivel con estrellas!
update with layer fixings
Thanks Sley for the sent :) hope it helps
GG FEAT
great work! love the atmosphere!
i HIGHLY encourage to play with shake effects on btw. adds to the experience yknow ;)
we enjoy
GG! 140 attempts, that was a level I think ;)
dont forget to rate Celsia by ZakkOfAllTrades btw
first victor!! thank you for listening to my two essays worth of feedback haha
I GOT THE 100 LIKES ICON
didnt have fun dying to nothing in the wave but otherwise amazing level
don't think I've ever played a level so abrasive. this is good thing
good
levels that are just absolute freakouts are my bread and butter
This is neat, a little unpolished but the way its executed just works imo. Nice job! :)
Pass: 080521. 
So happy to see this get rated. I love this a lot, GG! :)
GG! i really like the harsh deco in this level, it fits what i enjoy perfectly :)
Incredibly visceral, what a masterpiece. Rate this.
Me when I
Really unique and cool and I like the atmosphere :o
would be fun if the jank dual @ 50% and the cube at the end didn't exist (I died there ~10 times)
level with drip and swag
what
Wait, how is this a 5*?
i feel like an astronaut in the ocean
when the people talk to much put that shit in slow motion
What you know about rollin' down in the deep?
congrats on the rate lmfaoofoaof
She say that i'm cool, I say "Yeah that's true"
whatchu no about rollin
IF I WAS A MOD I WOULD SO FEATURE IT SOMEONE PLS FEATURE ANY MOD PLS THIS IS A VERY GOOD LEVEL
pennen
GG!
Really Happy this got rated man. :DDDD
In what universe is this 5 stars
Nice ideas in terms of deco and pretty good gameplay too ! Awesome :DD
this plays like a nerfed extreme demon
I remember thks from Supreme. wasnt expecting for it to be rated xD
I very like this lvl
23,816 stars
GG! :)
GG! 15761, 15 att
soyuz nerushimiy respublik svobodnyh splotila naveki velikaya pycb!
Dubbayoo I'm sure more mods would send your levels if they were interesting
please add cyrillic characters robtop
Tears are flowing on this one
i think the person who bugfixed this level is really cool and good at bugfixing
Soy beans >:(
wonderful level, definitely needs more recognition :]
Beautiful level. I hope to rate it. 
Me to the last pringles
Oh lol forgot this exists, also if there is anything bad blame viper. I only made the good parts
True
Giggs is awesome
n 
bruh the blocks are a camuflage
how
gg #unban kobtop dislike this comment so i can see how many it gets ;)))
Lesss gooooooo
i hate the wave
sucks to suck lol
*Gorbachov entered the chat*
not bad, hope you can get you first cp's soon :)
coin: touch the blue lights in the firts part
amazing stuff tezar, glad to see you getting close to your first cps
nice atmosphere. is that a statue of celestia?
SOOOO UNDERRATED!!!
Yooo After Like 10 Months its finally gets rated! :O
Great atmosphere! :D
Not bad! That's quite simplistic but the atmosphere is great!
help i got ip ban
nice, to get the coin touch all the flying things in the first cube
*Patiently Waiting*
very nice
GG Hard 5*?
very solid
also sent to a few mods btw
Biggie Cheese Gaming
GG!
coin: tap the al fireflys on the behind :b
exelente nivel 
can you hurry it up?
thank you for worrying me, disappearing on me, and randomly coming back without telling me
For anyone wondering, its a free coin (like this so that people can see and it doesnt get buried)
please dont put invisible pads in transitions
Solid for a first modern attempt :)
STOP PUTTNG PADS IN SHIP AND UFO PORTALS >:(
awesome
Thanks for free coin :)
cool effects
pretty cool
Que hermoso nivel<3
Really cool!
GG's! 1 Coin. Huge congrats on another feature my friend! <3
LES GO
Wow! this is amazing
also the design is very clean, big fan of the effects too
Thanks for free coin!
piola
i love this level
super awesome and catchy!
i like this! every part feels different but its not too different, gameplay seems nice. great job!
this is amazing for a first level! you have lots of potential :)
I really liked the lava part
fantastic job man, i wish my lvls looked like this XD i suck!
Its literally not your first level, you have two others uploaded
for a first level this shows a lot of potential, im sure ur next level is gonna be amazing
THIS IS AMAZING
impressive! jeez
Nice level,but kinda hard to read.
Ayy GG on your first CP :)
AMAZING level, you just need more sightreadable game play ;)
cool
your first level is trending bro
Im pretty sure, thats a very nice level. Good work buddie
WOW good level
u also got lucky, download counter is freezed, enjoy 10k downloads if it keeps freezed for a day
jsjss
very hard to read but really cool, i believe you can get a rate one day, keep up the good work
really cool! the gameplay could be better, but the level has many fun ideas sprinkled on it.
GG! :) 130 Attempts! Fun and interesting level!
AWESOME
The random change in styles feels very off here
Song is back guys
GG! :)
NO WAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA THX TO EVERYONE
i changed the song because acid notation disabled some songs but if this song came back i will updat
Cum to kitty
Well your hard work will be payed off with a feature, won't it Rob?...
New Update Done now the level is more balanced and the final art is done 
Unpopular opinion: the gameplay is annoying
Nice ;)
Muito show
love it.
GG :]
GG UwU
it's a easy demon
come to kitty little one
RATE THIS INSANE LEVEL
i'm gonna try this demon level .........
73 attempts. #1632
like 4 epic
but dont let that distract you from the fact that "The meat" its the best level in the game.
nice
looks nice for 13k objects.
GG! :)
407 att, terrible, just terrible
I love this, great job, and thanks!
wondeful level, GG
GG! 152 attempts, I died at 98% and almost doubled my attempts before beating it ;)
Unbalanced but with cool deco & gameplay , GG for the featured!!
<3
funasf
well ! That was unpleasant ! Was about to fluke from 64 x3
amazing level! bad luck though >~>
Glad to see this banger of a level finally got rated. Thanks for making me the last N in the level.
la fldsmdfr
warning: mirror portal
this has weird gameplay and an  unconventional song and i love it alot
Extreme demon
Feels way too clunky in gameplay, static aswell and needs a bit of visual clarity with cohesion.
Crazy
like this if you came from evw
decent
nice
#blacktourmalinefeatured
yea
AUTONICK AND 2 OTHERS SENT IT LETS GET THIS RATED BABYYYYY
like this if u came from evw to see if it got featured
Never again.
its a little unbalanced, but i think a rate is warrented
this has to be one of my favorite extremes
insane demon? extreme?
a relax Extreme demon
OMG
Pass: 232323
now i have more motivation to do my next level
This is masterpiece pls rate this.NexusGD will enjoy That :)
#blacktourmalinefeatured
Should be extreme imo
#blacktourmalinefeatured
Buenisimo buena song y buen nivel
YEP ROCK
Ne metel a sneg :Spravedlivo:
Like this comment if you want this to be featured
nice level
This is amazing, Akvaz
cool level !
net blyat burya
KBAC JIy4we 4EM TBO9I 9Ku3Hb 4EJI)))
Gde-to v Krymu sejchas plachut deti, potomu chto u nih net snega :(
Cristmas !!! I like It :D
23900 stars GG
net blyat yasno
that was hella fun!
yay!!! another akvaz W!!
metela 
THE SONG THO
Watch this get daily
cool
gg
This gives me Super paper mario vibes (dimentio theme)
i accidentally found a cheat way
o
GG :))
I jumped.
this guy always makes good levels
gg
GG 4 stars rate
GGGGGGG
omaga la song
ok
cool!
gg
n
cool
GG!
very purple
gg ;3
gg
Omaiga
me gusto
very very nice :O
really good diversity throughout, kinda hard to read so i think i'll send this for 8* :)
Hurts my eyes but its worth it
super sick level! good job
Could be easier to read, but effects are dope!
Some cool effects :0
This is dope, really liking the vibes on this. Although the GP is very unforgiving bcuz of the efx.
Hard to play, but awesome nonetheless. Sent for 8*
I like that effect in the ship :)
This is awesome! 
Really good effects!
those first two parts are super clean, rest could use some work though
This is awesome, even if the readability isn't the best.
its ABOUT TIME
Wooah
Cool vibes!
Cool effects but the gameplay is not that good
Ball part was trippy as hell and super fun to play!
Amazing effects!! Nice level :)
Oh my god this is one of the best lvls that I have ever play! Well done
Impressive as always Girly! ;3;
Fun fact: School isnt fun :P
Some designs need improvement, but overall a cool level
Not bad update, sent.
Interesting designs, feels sometimes a bit empty but it looks nice overall! :)
im going to update this soon (making better transitions deco and removing rush :))
GG 1 attempt :)
Nice.
nicee
#259, 197 atts, FOR COIN 3: miss purple platforms in cube at 40% to activatea key ;)
Quite peculiar colors, nice job Ale!
I like that rainbow part at the drop. Kinda easy for a demon level but still, cool work
I like the ideas and the atmosphere, just try to be more orderly, since it is messy.
Some interesting design choices. Cool! :)
are you italian?
This is one of the easiest demons in the game. 5 att
The colors look a bit weird, nice gameplay and design tho
pericolo is danger in italian. thank me. u learnt something
GG,  One Of The Best Level In GD
Had some inconsistency points and it was also quite messy, but still pretty cool :)
i went into this not liking it but it has this really weird charm i like. could get star rated
Extremely fun, sent!
1st send as a mod :)
decent!
So a duck walks into a bar right
im not avl
i'm really into it
Post these dogs
Pretty, sick, I think It's demon, though.
gg kekW
Very nice, hope it gets featured! :)
gg very good
83,000 stars, GG! :>
550 demons as well
GG! 8 attempts :)
so good
Great stuff, this has aged well over the months, shame it's not rated yet. Good job :)
so many buggy transitions and inverted slope bugs (especially at 80~) fluke from 60 buggy but fun!
hi avl
Love how original this is! SUPER fun gameplay also! Amazing work, hope you get your first feature!
6 year olds who thought this was gonna be their first hard demon.......
This is definitely hard demon, it just takes a while to get used to the controls
really good
Really clean, defintely worth a feature
Welcome to Geomtry Dash, A game where you can make games that make games that make games that...
here before a million comments come saying "tHaNkS fOr fReE oRbS!"
really interesting concept! starting to like your minigames more, imo this is more of a demon tho
1965 just saving im gonna play later
GG! :)
very creative, nice level :)
this maybe be a big ask, but can you make it so that the password WONT send me back to the 8th level
3802 in the last stage so hard
Updated Aug 23 2020
1965
GG! :)
9530
free orbs gang
Who made this a hard demon lol
you go to the question mark on the right at the start
free orbs
Laitoin mun keittoon liikaa suolaa ja nyt vituttaa...
:lazor:
Johan oot sopan keittany
Like for Blitzmister dislike for ViPriN
Helvetin hyvaa keittoo
Pinaattikeitto maistuu munan kanssa!
elama on keitto mina olen haarukka
Sent :)
fun :)
miks ei oo featured ps soppa on huvaa
Hyv'a' Ku Ootte Suomalaisiiiiiiii Yeeeee
keitto kalakeitto kala miekkakala miekka miekkailija kka kakka kakkakakku kakku kynttila ansa trap
easy coins :)
Old rate :flushed:
200 more
GG All Coins
GG! :)
GG! :) GREAT LEVEL WHERE ROBTOP PLEASE EPIC
insane fetured epic level
all coins!
5/7 COMPLETE!
should be demon
thanks rob for rating the most dogshit level of the year on christmas day
look at what global warming has done to geometrical dominator
mineber capping so hard this is an utter trainwreck
Ah yes, early 2.0 and early 2.1 combined, I'm sure the level will end up great
Geometrical dominator 2019 XD
I think its bugged on 144hz @ 52%
this is a great contender for worst rate 2021
GG! 329 attempts, robtop should do everyone a favor and rerate this to demon 10 star
i hate this part ;-;
just realized: when dorami beat this, he had a copy... how did he get a copy of this?
Easy Demon (in my opinion).
At least give this a 9* or a demon , its too hard for an 8* IMO
Amazing!!!
Since when does an "insane" level take me 90 attempts
this will be geometry dash in 2015
This would be 8 stars if that awful neon part didnt exist. what the heck were they thinking?
:(
Demon
LOL THANKS
mmhm Song is nostalgic and dat design doe
coin 3: dont tap at all in the 58 ship
rate
:D.
2nd ship part is auto
enjoy my amazing part
You have to go through the block at 9%
para los hispanos, para la 3ra coin no toquen apartir de la nave del 58%, practicamente es auto. XD
Very nice.
bad gameplay
wow
gg 4 attempts
finally rated! congrats Spagh!
all coins!
my god this is hideous
GG!! GP Some parts should be less buggy and Weird but Overall It's ok because I like this 2.0 Deco!
putain de portails invisibles
I forgot how good this song is
gg
Muy divertido nivel la parte del ufo me toco memorizarla mucho xD
This 6* is harder than some of the easy demons that got rated today lol
:0 amazing!
Noice desing
E P I C
Incredible! :3
perfecto en todo su explendor! increible deco pero la parte del ufo es muy jodida >:v LIKE!! <3
Amazing! *-*
incrible :D
<3
Buen nivel
Muy bueno!
Actually reallly good and my voLUM IS OOTOOOL LOUFDDDD
GG first lvl on computer lol
Thanks to all!
nice :3
fuk da gameplay
Interesting that this got rated 5 years later, quite hard for a 6*
i was just tryna beat some easy levels dude!
5 years ago and only 500 likes lmao
That was good
Design:F**king beautiful. Gameplay: Semi-Cancerous and frustrating :( Deserves feature tho ;3;
Very fun level, sent :)
lmaooo I cant believe this got rated after all this time :o
featured plez ;3;
Insane demon rating with an easy or medium demon gameplay difficulty, what a great day today :)
GG! 50 attempts, very fun gameplay and I got all 3 coins for once :)
Finished GG :)
WHY AM I THE NEXT COMMENT AFTER GORMUCKS!?
OMGGGGGGGG GGGGGGGGGGGG :DDDDDDD
666 likes.
gg, why is this fun
Fierro :v
GG! :)
ooo
super cool old levl
4 old levels from the list today. This is awesome.
GG! #1994, phenomenal gameplay, especially for the time!
solo vine por la cancion :v
and another one
la otra noche te espere bajo la lluvia 2 horas, mil horas como un perro
Sere la gata bajo la lluvia.
y cuando llegaste me miraste y me dijiste: "Loco, estas mojado, ya no te quiero"
jugando GD bajo la lluvia *se moja el cel*
los que no tienen novia este es el nivel perfecto
la gente de color carton son unos admins B)))))
Esta lloviendo ahora mismo lol
cada vez mas niveles con titulo en espaol tienen featured :D
Ey tu! Enserio te iras sin darle like a este comentario ;-; pense que eran diferentes
El muchacho de los ojos tristes ;( no se xd
Cute:3
Coin 1: 25% up coin 2:49% down coin 3: 72% get the key (up) and coin free at 75% you're welcome :^)
hace frio y estoy lejos de casa....
Por eso esperaba, con la carita empapada que llegaras con rosas, con mil rosas para mi...
la otra noche te espere bajo la lluvia 2 horas, mil horas como un perro
una vez un mudo me dijo: 
que lindo numero
@MeteorForce bug was fixed, just reset the level.
*but tienes un paragua
Mmm.. what??
this is really nice. ill hit u up with a send
Congrats on your first man!
Coin: skip dash orb and hit invisible orb in coin at 69%. Like so everyone can see!
this is awesome :)
If i say "like if" i get dislikes. If i say "GG" i get dislikes. how do i get likes then??
Your 1st level is a MASTERPIECE ! You have a great creator career ahead of you :)
Los jugadores de Minecraft entenderan
Nice
I think it should be more than 4 stars... GG btw
Decorations are fire, but gameplay could be better imo
of this gets 20 likes I will EAT water
4 star?!?!?
William died from a drop of water
just saying how is this only 4 stars
people are getting super good at creating, can i get top comment like for yes dislike for no.
you cannot dream and snore at the same time
GG 244 ATT IM BAD BUT HOOD LVL DUDE!!!!!!!!
Dudeee, you got some amazing art in this level
dude, place some slope at the beginning
gg on your first rate!
Snow isnt real and  neither is 'Texas'
Athiests realizing they've been playing Sakupen Hell and not Sakupen Science
congregation
"snow storm" bro it was like half an inch of snow
bad gameplay
congrats bro
common dreameater correct opinion
This is so cool
me when four day weekend
very fun
Coin 1: 5% down - Coin 2: Key in 24% up and press orb in 35% - Coin 3: Free 
cool level but wtf is texas?????????
i farted
DO NOT BOTHER ME WOMAN I AM DRAWING EXPLICIT IMAGES OF MINORS
@justjohn Ratio
Bue nivel
well then
correlate these nuts into your mouth
refrigerators have to be one of my favorite genders
honestly "scentence" sounds like a corny punchline to "what did the air freshener get for murder?"
this bastion isn't blessed there aren't any netherite ingots or even any chests
Really fun as always! Sent :)
GG on your first daily Nemsy, i'm glad to see Robtop giving more chances to less known creators.... OH WAIT
this is a comment section not a box office
like for nothing
Cool fact that most GD youtubers don't know: the age of consent is 18.
3 likes and i'll go out in the snow, without pants.
you're not good at philosophizing you're a middle schooler who browsed a political subreddit
dislike if you gay
if you have a girlfriend then why do you choose to spend all your time here thats a lie
Rip Michi /\/\// Like to Respects to michi :(
i feel like 90% of daily chat is under 16
Fun as usual. *Sigh*... hello daily chat
this makes me think of 2.0 in a bad way :(
zoophile are evil
big level
looks and plays the same as all your other levels
@girl I was talking to myself
I am Uglyyyyyyyyyyyyyy dislike if I am uglyyyyyyyyy
every like on this comment is 1 extream demon i must beat
If you read between the lines and look closely the level seems to ask "who am I"
no, of course you can't fit into society. That's why we play geometry dash.
I'm 14 and this is deep 
Storytelling as subtle as a pound of bricks. Neat though
i wish this level used the "Who Am I" song from that one Spongebob Episode that was a banger
"anxiety, stress" you shouldve just called this level the American Education System
deep work
sir this is a wendys
ALL COINS FINALLY LOL IS SPENT 1 HOUR DYING IN THE END FOR THE COIN!!!!!! 
GRAX SAID IM 14 AND THIS IS DEEP LMAOO
After completing this level, I realized that I am a potato
I dunno man, seems kinda anti-social to me.
Am i really what i think i am? Yes, you're gay
I'm 13 and this is deep
tip: take normal pills
I'm 15 and this is deep
such deep words until i read ball ship cube that it seemed to be included 
it took me way too long to realise why the ending was so hard. im mad
ggs on the rate :)
as a genderfluid 13 years old i can relate to this lvl to much 
Epic :D
Very cool arts
from "drippy dub" to "break3r" occurs in a different dimension than reality
there i am gary there i am
the level is located 200 km from the explosion
what the player dreams at the beginning of the level is unnam3dEnd
this level is a direct continuation of "unnam3dEnd" and "nuev0 univ3rso"
skip blue orb at 67% for coin
Like this comment if you died at 2%
rob please check the resurgenc3 XD
GGGGGGGGGG FIRST EPIC
Petition For Rate --------------->
like if u want part 2
Like if you see this level in a Featured page
if there is a part two i NEED a bossfight
I died in a dream. Such a peaceful death.
amazing!!
awesome textures, nostalgic song used, and cool storyline can't wait for more sequels!
WOW, this is epic! god job!
:D  epic 
i like little white guys
Kanye Beast, spell IHOP and then say Ness! I H O P, Ness! Ha!
i ate yo. 
coin 1: skip second blue orb at 13%, coin 2: skip the cube portal at 58%, coin 3: skip orb at 94%
Took me way more long to collect the coins, but overall awesome level Jarvis
oh my god LOL
guys omg... what if you take the "iho" out of "ihop ness" it's almost like a BAD word!
i deleted jesusgod51s comment, nuke deserves the top comment rather than the other guy
how did it taste
trash
this gameplay is ass
you did WHAT???
*clap clap clap*
i will build as many 1.9 levels as i feel like building
ihop me?
WTF I SAW THIS ON RECENT NOW THIS IS FEATURED WHAAAA
I like big black guys
this is my gfs favorite food
Unbalanced gameplay :"
wait wait wait wait DID I GET NERVOUS AT 95 BECAYUSE OF THE COPINS?!?!?! WHFHAUOSFHADSHFAH
cute
GG First Victor! I hope this gets an epic rating!
this needs epic. if it doesnt get rated i will punch robtop
thanks for dedication (im in team ryft so yeah)
Love the clouds bg in the second part :)
Very good level imo. Please do more art style thanks uwu <3
bug in transition :(
Cool
wow the clouds are so realistic
oh yeah
nod123 pasa
muy bonito
Hey Brota, the level is Incredible Only the brightness is a little high
waaaaahoooo lo mejor que vere en este dia.  3//2/2022 
Woah..
finnaly a good level at magic tab
Amazing LVL !! :33
3 stars
Muy poggers!!
everybody gangsta til bread shows up.
I always thought it was spelled fuschia..
GG! 13 attempts, nearly fell asleep but I think that's my fault and not the level's ;)
one year anniversary since jamerry unfriended me
pass 012922. Likes :)?
48 attempts. #1641
gonna nerf the ending a bit since everyone says its too hard
omg jamerry
GG! :)
3 attempts, this gameplay goes SO HARD OMG THIS IS SO FUN
NO WAYY TY ROB!
Like if you're lonely for Valentines Day
i hate this level so much 
LDM PLEASE I AM MONKE AAA A  A A A A A A 
medium demon its very cool!
Pass?
GG! Really fun level ;)
HOLY CRAP WEEKLY. GG JAMERRY <3
let's get it
yeah no im not finishing this lmao, too annoying
annoying gameplay but cool design 
';)
La mejor parte fue hecha por Izhar en mi opinion 8)
Izhar es el mejor? Like (si) Dislike (si) Ignorar (si)
hola viejo amigo, cuanto tiempo :)
if this gets 10 likes, ill eat 1 pound of snow. :)
Genial :D
gran collab izhar, me gusta la parte de izhar, aunque la de izhar no esta mal, es mejor la de izhar
gameplay is so bad
Like si amas los niveles de izhar
nah amigo, la parte de izhar esta buenisima, pero la parte de IZhar la supera por mucho B)
Amo tus ideas. Gracias IZ por otro nivel bello
5 likes, and i'll eat a laptop. So plz don't like. Thank you.
how does this work?
IZHAR DAME UN HIJO EMBARAZAME
la parte de Izhar es buena, pero la de Izhar puede mejorar un poco mas. :)
Video en mi canal de YT
muy bonito nivel izhar! ^^
??? I don't understand what is going on.
really weird gameplay to sight read
Me gusto mucho la parte de Izhar :)
only 4 likes to get top comment lol we cant blow the chance to make the top comment something funny
Hello random Gd player, I hope you have a nice day.
?
Thanks Rob! :D It's nice to be back. Also thanks to everyone who helped sharing it <3
?
Good gameplay but incredibly buggy. At 85% I appear above the invisible ceiling. Needs polishing.
why
I am sorry for all the bugs you've experienced on 144hz, now everything should be ok. I play on 60hz
Zategali
Bug?
GG! :)
impossibruu im bugged
Fluke from 0% 3 coins
?????????????????????
i dont see the part where anythin goes BOOOOOM. :). ;). 
this is the definition of a generic 2.1 level
bruh
??
GG all coins :p
All coins GG!
the first coin is too difficult to get
Enjoy \(^-^)/
auto wave... *geobound ice gauntlet flashbacks*
who found this in magic?
Very Good my friend :D
not bad :)
the recent tab can be awesome
GG=God Game Play :D
really featured
Featured! Thanks rub :D
que bueno que tiene featured
ggs
GG all coins! ;)
tbh not being rude but i sometimes hate levels with too much tradition
2.0 styled levels are better than 2.1 material levels... Like if you agree
gg
underrated shake trigger use
Amazing! but 1st coin was too hard...
mmm?...
GG! =) 1000 User Coins! Thx <3
Gibiji the cat is proud of you
Coin 1: Jump at 41% Coin 2: Go up at 72% Coin 3: Free!
All my homies love Gibiji
i deserve likes on this comment because i own gibiji cat
Half of this level is auto lol
gibiji my beloved
gibbage cat <3
GIBIJI <3
GIBIJI <3
Gibiji: the royal cat
gibijiShock3
gibijibijib
GIBIJI BY BLITZMISTER
easy levels are basically auto nowadays
shut up yellowlegend
Que pro Gibiji!
I hacked this comment so you can like it infinite times!
:gibijichamp:
i thought it was auto
NO WAY ITS GIBIJI LEVEL 
Turned out absolutely amazing despite all the editor issues with it. Thanks for letting me playtest!
is it weird that a cold level could be this hot
A complete masterpiece, well done Nick!
hi weekly! GL with the level, if u find any bugs/have lag with LDM, just message me. :)
this is sick bro
How did I do that on the first attempt?? Amazing level btw! :))
amazing
pass is 696969 XD
very awesome
Lizzard momento
Thanks :)
Like if you play on Mobile
she said do you love me i tell her only partly i only love my bed and my momma im sorry
AY
I LOVE THIS
Amazing level, GG! :)
GG! :)
amazing!
like if u want robtop to stop taking xl lvls as weekly
Really sick themed level though I like it :)
Hope this gets an epic rating!
cool deco and cool gp, but ship transition at 74/75 is ass
nice :)
it's been a year? actually it's been five get it because 2.2 won't come out
COIN: Go down at 51%
if this gets 20 likes, i pee in the trash can.
great level!!!!
Lvl realy good, and i think then this lvl got feature or epic.
1273 copy code???
clean :o
Wait a minute...
cool! 
Tuvo Trayhard
tengo 11 demons pero como me costo este nivel loco
Cool
Lagaet:(
 
probably your first epic lol
welp time to fix ldms, tell me whats lagging yer phone?
This is so cool, you are improving in your style, this cold get epic
people who use dislike bots will never have sex
Decent, some orbs require to be less annoying, appart from that I like it!
Like this comment, If Stop dislike bots.
This year Belastet will reach 50 Creator Points
bruh
coin: 1st jump at 1%, 2nd go down at 26%, 3rd FREE at 98%
Give it a like guys! 
GG, but i dont understand why this is dislike botted, this is pretty good
this is actually sad
Good   1coin    10atts   ._.   :)
Dont trust this top comment. They can decide what counts as charity...
Not another dislike bot :(
bruh the dislikes botting has gotten real bad latley
My opinion stop disliking shit
Hola
Awesome level! Does not deserve so many dislikes...
why dislike?, this level is amazing
the wrath of the j block strikes again
Strasse means street in german
UPDATE: Gameplay fixed at 40% (black orb), wave part, and the drop part. 2nd coin changed
Tamaulipas x Geometry Dash
se empiezan a escuchar balazos*
que el siguiente se llame jalisco y que la cancion tenga balazos incluidos XDD
Arriba Tamaulipas Pendejos *Lo Balacean Los Zetas*
no veo las balaceras ):(
Tamaulipas, oficialmente Estado Libre y Soberano de Tamaulipas, es uno de los 31 estados de Mexic9
Camara de diputados: sexagesima cuarta legislatura *T pose*
Estupendo nivel *Se desata una balacera*
y los ztas? y los munisipales? >:v
Soy mencho wey
*balazos*
gran tamaulipas ,mexico, un estado muy hermoso , lleno de problemas de drenaje y balaceras diarias 
*suena explosion*
Coins 1: go down at 35% 2: slide up as wave at 67% 3: small tap at 98%
I Love Mexico <3
Ayuda banda me balacearon los municipales :c
Nuevo Leon ahora
gg monedas muy gratis recommendadas! me volvi espanol por alguna razon jajaja!
Donde estan los disparos?
Cuernavaca :v
ridiculously good
minimum detail is literally a layout lmao
Extremely unique art sytle, awesome level!
like if you chose minimum detail (atleast once)
wonderful level
like here before feautured. (if featured)                         - - >
Minimum detail is less detailed than dear nostalgists
damn, 9th place on featured, thanks Rob <3
Minimum detail gang
minimun detail is a layout lmaoooo
tip: Play in minimum detail, its way easier to sight read :)
Lag+Lag= Lag Elevado Al Cuadrado Dividido Por RTX 3080= RTX Lag Al Cuadrado
f*cc mega hack v7 layout mode we got minimum detail
minimum detail slaps
this is strange :I
the minimum detail is genius
huuge nexus upload bro!!!
sick
this level destroyed my device lol 
Loved the mosaic aesthetics throughtout this one, incredible job! <3
very buggy
El bicho ZIUUUUUUUUU
BRO I JUST WOKE UP AND I GOT A DEMON RATE WHAT
@PIayMaker77 not your device, disIike botted. :|
it'd be nice if the gameplay didn't force you to do it exactly how it was designed or else it breaks
I beat this in class
I'm losing brainceIIs at this rate                          so what exactIy are the bugs ?
Dislike Botters Are Bad
20K STARS + 300 DEMONS!! GG!!!
like si eres etero
i would not consider this free demon. nightmare is way easier than this
siuuuuuuuuuuuuu
GG. who else thinks the song is catchy?
GG! :)
69
GG! 112000 stars
siuuuuuu
PASS: 000224
THIS REMINDS ME OF AM
gg 17 attempts
Amazing! I love it. Also, thanks for use my song. <3
1 Coin: 2% 2 Coin: 80%
worlds BEST GAME PLAY AND REALLY ENJOYABLE 4.8.4 STARS 9 OUT OF TEN
Amazing level!
Nice :)
POV: spiderman doesnt come home 
1 like = 1 prayer
very friendly spike
1588 attempts my first insane level
just why
i am HarryPoggers
144hz bug fixed hopefully
reading this comment will improve your mind by 0.0000000001%.
i dont care that im here, nobody cares that im here, so why am i here, i dont know why im here
Pass: 844444 ;)
why is everyone being so Mean to me...... if u like this comment i quit GD Forever!
like if u love ur mom
like by nemsy, dislike by me
ah yes, my favorite word, oiterally
reading this comment will NOT turn you into a FISH!
you already know the song's gonna be weird if it has ??? in its title
yes mum im in love with a gd level, i am kentuckyfriedbucketsexual
4:3
finger licking level
I'll fly a hot air balloon anywhere I want. What, are the "hot air balloon police" gonna stop me ???
I literally love this
moxxie ^_^
Like for moxxie
cute level
haha the funny got rated
bro this is a 5 star why did you request 2 lol
moxxie in geometry dash :3
clean
moxxie
this should not be rated normal
Like for kfc
Helluva Boss character noted
Going through every obstacle to try the delicious chimknen nunget
this was the last thing i expected to see you drop today
ur so good
rob should give you a creator point
THERE  I AM GARY
writing hand vibes
awesome level gus love u <3
This level was cool until Drane was mentioned
Like for free pizza
Like if you use your right hand to write, dislike if you use yout left hand
Awesome
1 att after practice mode :)
I beat this level with my right hand. (im left handed)
I thought this day would never come
20,000 stars!! Gg =,)
awesome level
GGGG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
LOOK ITS ME
we love writing hand
It's amazing dude !
i tried to 1att. but me died.. nooo
gg really cool level
So fun, your style has always been a favorite of mine :3
grusha
imagine dislike botting creators who put their heart and soul into levels without getting paid..
Another dislike botter. OK THIS IS NOT FUNNY
not a bad start but try to polish your glow work a little bit more
DISLIKE BOT QVDQGUDQIYDWGODHD2K LMAOOO
ok
6aHaH
dislike botting? not cool man
APELSIN
looks good, but extremely hard to see anything honestly
SO LAGGY
this gp isnt even bad why is it dislike botted
interesniy lvl, neplohoy gameplay, no eti virviglaznie bliki na fone, mojno j ahuet'
nine stars
chel xorosh
ochen neploxo
axyutelen :)
Really originally and cool
good colors
1 attempt, now 2000 stars
epic atmosphere
1st coin: secret way at 13%, 2nd: hit the secret orb on ufo, 3rd: free at the end. Like fast!
I really like it, has a very interesting atmosphere.
I feel bad the kids out there who are disliking peoples comments to get top comment :)
how tf do i get past 53
It looks good and the deco is a 9/10. Also great custom bg and great gameplay! should get featured!!
What are these level names
WHERE DID THIS COME FROM THIS IS INCREDIBLE
dont hold when you go into the ship portal and you wont be invisible
Nice lvl 
like if you love minecraft
why this not epic
se parese el lugar del 2 segundo impacto de evagelion :) 
2nd coin was ... something lol but amazing 3d effect
The beggining looks like the End of Evangelion
The 2nd coin, just follow the beam of light 
this is REALLY cool, love the atmosphere and colors!
The decoration at the start looks amazing, wish the rest of the level looked liked it
damn very awesome level my phone is on fire rn
looks very cool
remember when gd was about jumping over spikes and a few blocks?
how to play?
excellent minigame, very creative
Like if you are from mobile x7 :'(
How yo play
If you read this your in the comment section :)
doesnt work on mobile
I dont understand how to do it on moblie :(
that's a cool mini-game!
it no work
I think it doesnt work on mobile
How do you do it? I'm so bad at figuring out mini games in geometry dash.
Oreo
junion202 is like serponge we all love them
did not have enough time for lvl 12
phone player: *_*
wait is this intended for pc? im dumb and cant figure this out
how the f*ck works this?
That last level is impossible
banger level!!!
Pro tip: dont sneak out of school
Neo Design will flourish in 2022
rick morty
Awesome. :)
This comment is hecked, you can't like it!
like si juniper no merece mod
first coin: tap at 1% and play the gameplay underneath
First White Space releases, then Presta returns. I have a feeling that 2022 will be a good year.
nice and neat
holy this was first level in recent tab for me xd
I Burned Down An Orphanage. Dont Worry! It was Full of Gacha Kids.
i only need 20 likes for top comment... help me out
the return of the king
new fisy
lol
weakling
legstrong legstrong
humor IS subjective. what i may find funny, someone else finds it "you ruined the funeral!"
 
65 attempts of practice for the 2nd coin
Nice, Fun song
Dislikes removed by roma.
level name doesn't fit in with level at all
Nice
here befor..SHUT UP
Remember follow me if u like my levels :)
@makuzan i accidentally disliked ur post im sorry
Hermosa cancion y hermoso nivel
Coin: Jump at edge of block at 18%
cool level, the name tho, 2 atts
GG!
Idk how but for some reason i died at 45% ._.
2 att :)
que pedo con la cancion xd
b*ch song
like and i eat my legs
GG omg the music!!
GG 8)
nice level
git gud
KLAXON !!
SQUID GAMES !!
coin: go far up at 41, collect key right above the 2nd big circle at 49, follow route till 57 (2/2)
coin: hit all toggle orbs at 23, miss yellow orb at 34 (jump to get key at 38) (1/2)
male female g.ay feg.ay (?)
I just got killed with dislikes dislike this ;)
it didn't get epic quick everyone start complaining (don't actually) (please do) (jk) (maybe)
her name is knockout
Uncle Ben what happened?!?!
aww bummer that it's not Epic, still GG though!
THIS IS SO COOL!! I love this level :D
SQUID GAMES !!
like if im gay
You're done. Now see whether I will pierce you.
12 like and i will say the n word NOW
daaaaang that look good
Password: 115196
amazing lvl but unpredictable
EPIC
How is this not epic!?!?!?
LETS GO LE VIKING!!!
GGGGGGGG <3333333
MY FIRST MODERN LEVEL IS FEATURED LET'S GO!!! Who wants more level from me like NeutKitty? :33333333
very nice! and thanks for the dedication <3
Nice level, sent :)
transitions are horrid, especially the one at 82%
Not bad! Some parts are quite messy but overall the level is fine :)
Merci pour la dedicace <3
for a first time, it's pretty neat. gg
not bad sent !
Very nice!!!
bueno listo TopNum157:)3Coins 
rate 5* please
fun
12,000 diamonds. GG!
WOW i love your logo, nice work and nice level :D
Gg =)
gg
somebody toucha my spaghette
WEENSIDE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1 like  = 1 day without school
Make a Brazil Orb so we can bring my sister to Brazil
robtop sells Children to make money
Who is here before rate and daily?
Electro Orb Adventures
Pass is 172000, like so others can see!
fart☆
i love this serie please continue it :pog:
like if im a hottie
get your here before someone asked tickets here            ->>>>>>>>
Fun fact: god is dog backwards
pretty cool!
the red means ily!
If u wanna collab dm me
coin: 1st is up at 5% 2nd jump at 28% 3rd dual wave at 77% like so everyone can see!
2 coins by accident then failed
if you dislike this i will sue ur mom
pokemon super mystery dungeon
i just stu(died)
electro orb
Oh you motherFU-
Gracias a todos los que siempre me apoyaron <3
I died at 98% due to head scratch :/
Patata xai<3
Vaya! Le Dieron Featured! Felicidades Bro! Espero Sigas Creciendo Como Creador! Te Deseo Suerte! GG
Fun fact : Missing the second pink orb in the first cube part will make a message appear.
...
bahasa indonesia?
alright i guess
i am going to slap you
i know is indonesia duh im indonesia harian huh is daily
juntando estrellas
no auto lmao
I TOOK A SIP OF WATER BECAUSE I THOUGHT I BEAT THE LEVEL LOL
good song
GG! 9 ATTEMPTS :)
first stars of 2022
.
congrats on 2nd rate!
-_-
If this gets 3 likes I will never comment until the daily level has the letter R in it.
what the heck has happened to the gd community?
like if you ugly
Harry Potter - -> Harry Pogger - -> HarryPogger - -> HarryPoggers - -> Poggers - -> Pog - -> Dog
YOOOOOO Thanks a lot!!!!! I just got out of school XD
robtop needs to make the theme song turn into clown music when you go in here
i dont wanna play this anymore :/
bro i eat kfc like every 2 weeks
hi im aeon and this is the end of your life
hi geometry!
the fact that i haven't send it doesn't mean another mod won't send it
my dad took the cheese mug peace is restored
can somone add me as friends i have none like so ppl can add me
hahahaha me when, me when uh, me when your, me when your mom, uh, me when, i, me when your mom can,
me, a new GD player, wondering why silly circus music plays when i open the daily level's comments
why does my poopoo get stuck in my but hair whenever i poop???
Thanks for warning me of the furry music
at least folke went down like any groomer should
"sometimes i rub my but on my 3yo brother" -SethValentine
the shadow man outside my window is kinda cute ngl should i ask for his snap
que
que
This won't get noticed so I can safely say that I am a furry
cheese
claim your before rating ticket
like if im gay
que
papo
yo digo "que",mi amigo con 10 licensiados em comedia:
i could not watch the premiere i was pooping
updated with fixes for widescreen players :)
definitely your best work to date.
@Heda so
1st coin:  Small jump under bottom left sawblade @ 35%.  Touch 3 mini spikes @ 37, 38 42%
can't say i'm a fan of the first part but everything else here is awesome, great job
so worth playing, awesome job
2nd coin:  Get the key (downward slope @ 53%), then hit 6 black pots @ 71, 76, 79, 80, 84 & 86%
these colors... awesome work neige :)
que
what a great level
awesome level and happy birthday!
This level so good I pooped my pants
I CANT SEE!
happy birthday defo, and amazing level! :)
Happy birthday king!
We need ULDM dude.
happy birthday and happy new year! :)
difficulty in most demons nowadays is 90% details in the level, i can hardly see anything smh
ayo wtf i woke up im fixing this in like 5 minutes
coin: find alternate paths to skip all purple orbs. gl coin grinders
Bro, I can't see anything
not only do you have the coolest birthday (new year!) but you made the best design lvl in 2022!
Babinga 9 white abyss
This is so beautiful dude. Happy birthday ov, keep on doing great things man <3
This is defo-nitly gonna get rated 
GG! Demon #355 =)
i cant see
Can't see anything :|
@jnesty YEA AND I BET YOUR PARENTS HATE YOU TOO MUCH TO EVEN CELEBRATE YOURS LMAOOO
Amazing level, GG! :)
looks really nice, i truly think the exclusion of the typical wolf art makes this more cohesive
Furry Level
Selamat tahun baru dari Gowa.
furro truco 10/10!
that wolf did some serious workout
nice :)
UN FURRO NOOOOOOO
Ngl, a shirtless furry isn't the first thing I wanna see when I play a level.
Next level: Zootopia
clean
Los niveles de WereWolf huelen a zoologico
also I hope you like my new "intro".
You will always be one of the best creators to grace this game, please keep creating :)
This is awesome
cool
Really nice!
FURRRRRYYYYYY LEVELLLLLL! !!!!!!
Ayo that beginning
furries disgust me
furro de mrd.
i love this level :(
this is so good i love it :(
i literally just got bsod after playing this level in my old computer :(
cool level :(
nice level, super fun and clean! :(
):
turn that frown upside down :(
that moment when you play mobile, not PC
nice :(
cuando perdi me asuste xd
YESS !!!!!!
i like this level :(
welp it sure is 20 % completed
Rates are only a tad bit late today
:)
Nice concept :(
:(
omg i love depression! :((
bro es tu culpa no me jodas dos veces!!!!
:( Sad that this got rated (joke ofc) (Good Level)
1 like = 100000000000000000000 days no school! :D
wake up babe new grax dropped
Built in 3 months? That's a new record! 'for me'
This level has 72hrs of editor time, 72k obj, and the pass is 072000 :p
ezpz
i hope this comment will get likes for no reason
This really annihilates my fps
so fire
this comment is not hacked, you can like it only once
Amazing level, GG! :)
Reverified for spelling error 
can someone turn the lights on please
Well that was a grind and a half. AMAZING LEVEL!
pass is 072000 like this comment
This is supposed to be an easy insane -.-
awesome level :)
grax you are onenof my favorite creators
i had shrex with your mom
i cant believe i just full fluked an insane demon
if this gets 20 likes i will sabotage my brothers gd account
whos joe?"
joe mama
First name Joe, Last name Mama
buen gameplay :)
Hello Marco
joe biden
hi!
J O E              M A M A
oh no you got me
whos joe
"who's joe?"
gosh darn it i was going to say "whos Joe" but someone already took it
this is harder 7
noise
Joemama
The top 2 comments are: Whos Joe? Joe Mama
masterpiece!
Yoo
Most fun asymmetrical duel I've ever played O_O
Like if Joe mama
epic
Final de mi3rd4
Best transition ever 100% confirmed
epic
Welp, good level, but take care of your transitions, 7/10
ta weno. 25k stars owo
No me pusiste en las dedicaciones :(((
Great! Like this, for MODS hate this epic :)
Enhorabuena blix, excelente trabajo por parte de los dos :D
j
thanks for using my song !!!
sounds like camellia
if youre willing to pay the money to take an IQ test then you know its less than 20
gg
this is too fast gameplay for 5 stars
dis gooood |.o.|
Very Good ;) , Happy New Year 2022
GG 3,000 stars!!!
rly
GG!
Nice
Recuerdo la anterior version de este nivel . Por fin se ha hecho justicia y ha obtenido featured !!!
yun :0
how is this 7 stars lol its free
really enjoyable
aaaaaawwwww que lindo :3
Feliz an~o nuevo       \ ^0^ /
7 Estrellas Regaladas
is the Remake of my Old level "Fire in me"
2 att. Very easy to sightread for me. Epic lvl and song :-)
gg amazing level man love it
Man I love This song <3
pretty hard to site read
where the "fire" ?
6.5k Stars
gg 5 att, coin is free at the end btw
GooD LeveL in RecenT GG!
cool it will be featured
k
6/10
Nice one, sent :)
the rate system isnt fair as it favours getting a send at the rate time rather than getting loads
very pretty, but the messiness of the end ruins the level imo
i agree, the current rate system isnt that fair, thats why im trying to help out by asking for begs
La balade du dimanche
nice
La sortie vers les etoiles (de rate lol)
What drane said. Also, it's Cincinnati, not Cincinatti :KEKW:
"represent the community" okay getting involved with drama isnt representing this community well
jaime bien ce level
j' ais adore cette balade dans la ville de MontCu xD
since when is concord vermont and cincinatti like 5 miles apart
cool art
im sorry but some mods standards i dont like as well as how they mod
ce fut une fortement grandiloquante balade
GG 5k stars. :)
next beg rates session i hope im getting a rate
even interacts with rate chat because he knows hes gonna get spammed by begs
i better only get a star rate by a not so nice person than never getting my level seen by rob
hey @tostone74 i was in your position a few months back, you will get a rate soon just dont give up
6 star levels don't get enogh love
The playtesting feature exists for a reason, you know
I liked that I worked with you <3 <3 
thx for invite me in this collab ^-^
ik i was invited for this but just wait for my new lvl shake >:))
<3 i love you
699 likes yyeep
nothing amazing but i like it! well done :)
congrats
Coins: 21%, 41%, 80%
its a good thang
unbalanced a bit , cool collab :)
E          P          I          C                                                                 
nice to see new modern creators collab B)
fui la primera persona en ver este nivel en niveles ricientes
cool but buggy af
It got rated GG!
g
I know this level will get featured
arrownotes part was the best :)
Nice and fun! Sent :)
Fun level, sent :)
Buen collab feo :)
Bien ahi kpos
Gg Feat! :)
 nooooooo.....
Nice One!
i wanna see the light
thats-a-so nice!
8 star
tabonito
Wtf is wrong with the UFOs in this level??
you can skip the ball portal 15 percent
gg 1 attempt
Second coin is so bad
gg
i beat this in night time and my ayse in fire
gg done :)
The liiiigghhhhhhttttt
gg 42 att with 2 coins :)
3 likes ill use cat icon for a year
imagine dislike spamming the top comments :troll:
every day the community gets worse by 0.17% you know im not wrong  ;)
if there is a thumbs up and thumbs down, why isnt there a sideways thumb
gd colon is a furry
why name your level this
I always wonder if daily chatters are npcs
my girlfriend is a very real girl
1 like and i eat my microwave
who still cares about colored thumbs honestly
i meant "skid marks" as in the tire marks left from sharp turns and such dont cancel me :sob:
Remember kids. You don't need a degree to be a clothes hanger!
dont you hate it when you jump out of bed really fast and you feel dizzy for 10 seconds
minecraft vs robtop choose your fighter
1 like = I will break my phone, Plz No
GG! 2000th daily level complete! 24/12/2021 :)
100 likes and i will beat firework on my samsung smart fridge
1 like and
AYO???
im quiting! like if should stay
This level saved my recent tab video
"We wish you a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!"
im shocked hes here (guy below me)
Eric is pretty cool
like if you came from evw
Guys came from EVW video! Still don't know how this coincidence happened, more levels soon!
I bet 1000000$ Robert will give me another feature
Magic tab!
like if you came to see if this got rated from erics video
Robert Topalovich.
Like if Eric is cool aghain
coin 1: 9%, coin 2: 57% coin 3 85% jump right at the robot portal to the question mark :)
password is today's date (day, month, year)
GG,Like if you came from EVW.
"Like if you came from EVW" that kids deserve nothing from christmas
Who came to play this level because of EVW's video?
THIS IS YOUR FIRST EPIC.
EVW sent me.
did anyone here watch eric play this level when it was a 'na' level? if so leave a like!
Like if you came here because of EVW's recent tab video.
this was doing so well until that transition
THANK YOU SO MUCH GUYS FOR YOUR SUPPORT, AND THANK YOU ROBTOP FOR RATING THIS, I LOVE YOU ALL!! :D
change this transition pls
epico
Happy new year! :)
@SarcasticMuch, @Pestiferousss, yeah, kinda true, i'll try and improve on next proyects :)
MUSICBLOCK WHAT
honestly i would say this is worth rate
gg on first cp :>
Gg on your first rate
GG, amazing level MusicBlockGD :)
really good for your first level :)
is a good level
Ayo GG y felicidades en el featured man :D
why is that transition so bad :(
pretty good! but the transition to the spider at the end is pretty quick
a
again, huge gg to you dude
gp very nice and bg but there isnt much to the transitions
gg
Nice, the fonts are so good!
Like = Good Level | Dislike = Bad Level
Squidely, you f**ken ba**ard. >:(
fun level but try to work more on the details :)
First coin VERY HARD, creator, you are crazy...
NICE
wow!!
pretty fun!
gg
GG'S :0
Pass: 765198 :D
La primer coin es mas dificil que slaughterhouse 
V both directions and MAGNITUDE
i quite like the coins, good examples of different coin routes :)
GG All Coins Finally.
GG with 3 coins! Fun :)
the sync is so good!
YEEEEAAAAH, FINALLY, 85 atts, all coins. GGGGGG. Very hard first coin...
How not verified?
yay
very hard for 6 stars
When a 4 star turns into an easy demon at the drop and it gets rated 6 stars
Snow Watch more like Pack Watch (it didn't get rated today)
snowwatch #ripbozo
Robtop probably only looked at the first 50% when rating this
gg 11 attempts good level but this is 8 stars minimum
GG's. Fun, but this is more like a 7-8* level.
what a difficulty spike 
itisgreatandfun
qu3 feo nivel que le den por el kulo
Feliz Navidad A Todos/as <3
Really nice level, sent :)
wa ship part sucks
More like a 7-star, but a nice level none the less!
Wow, 8* minimum, hard lvl
very nice, but maybe too hard for 6 stars
JUMPSCARE MUCH !?
that ship is not 6* lol
why does this transition exsist???
h
beret isnt that the fancy french hat
Cool :)
Coin tip : prepare to spam to get at the top at 65%
whats with all the dash orbs?
Really nice!
im so terrible at this game i
1 att
cool vibey lvl but why bug
this is REALLY cool
500th like ':)
XL
goBno
I hate myself.
gg
j'aime pas les XL (sauf quand il s'agit d'un tacos)
GG!
:)
ayo
GG With coin!
Password
counter ratio + you  fell off + 120.16.183.203
Ok
bulgarian thinks ratios are shit
counter ratio + didnt ask + cancelled + quote tweet + 124.245.74.196
ok
counter
you fell off
no ratio
L + counter + you fell off + 192.96.0.273 + 4875th stars + youngboy better + cancelled + cope
Interesting argument however i am inside your walls
Very cool and complete with coin in 102 atts :D
Another sakupen coin
L Failed ratio
@ryan what do u have against me
Nice lvl
nice level, but ratio + you fell off
COL
what better level could i pick for 10,000 stars
I 1 attempted this coin route. WHAT
@aceCourtBot render
Pretty nice! Sent :)
ya no quiero ser star grinder ayuda
Pass and more information on my youtube channel !
im 14 and this is deep
Fun and easy for an 8 star :)
free 8* lol, easy
It was a pleasure to help you! Now we just have to wait and cross our fingers
perfect level
How is this 8 stars
GG :^)
GG 18.1k stars
ggs on feature!
there is no way insane
Divide y venceras :v buen nivel
DIVINO
Nice.
very nice level!
beautiful level
Arts are sick, congratulations :)
so easy for an insane
ratio + youngboy better + sent for feature
Neat, I like the gameplay a lot!
dont care + L + [REDACTED]
twitter is horrible i completely agree with you
Sorry if the gameplay is kinda weird, I tried to be experimental
ta pro 
INSTANT RATE, IT USES YE AS THE SONG!
Damn, people really be sh*tting on other people's levels just for having a skill issue, I hope you're okay man, don't listen to the haters
Ooooh nice~
awesomeee
stfu + ratio
wulzy
lmao
+ Ratio + dont care didn't ask + skill issue + quote tweet + get better + cry about it + ok and?lmao
this level is neato burrito unlike twitter
I get it, people hate the level, I hate it too
bug? why did i just teleport to the ground and die :V
i think i may have perished
Fun and nice-looking, sent
yep
this title is fake news
Bizaare and a tree, sitting in a --                                         hmmmm.
LOL
first block design is literally deepslate tiles
Me gustan los niveles relajantes como este :)
the ufo suks
like the deco
literally no trees
Cool Level :)
you mean achromatic
love the deco
Thanks so much for such an awesome experience! Such a chill & lovely 5* lvl! Much love! GG... <3 8)
cool
es uno de los niveles mas hermosos que he visto :)
ae
G Y!!
first victor i think
where trees? :D
hurry up and rate this robtop
theres no trees im crying
bnuuy
The most original level ive seen in a long time, truly a masterpiece.
Oh man this is brilliant, so simple yet so unique, i love original level, amazikg work! :D
Fabulous.
Very interesting! Good job! :)
bnuuy
ball section is horrible
thanks again for making these with us, these are v special to us ^-^
pog as always.
Really creative, good job! :)
The rotating gravity portals and the chain part are amazing!
very interesting, enjoyable and eye appealing, had no problem if this was epic rated. props to both!
like if never gonna give you up
1 att gg very hard to see
this is so much of a vibe that its unreal. genuinely one of the best level swaps ive ever played :)
Really good stuff but sadly I couldnt enjoy it because I cant even see anything at the ball section
my lag is cool
its hard to see stuff
GG 19600 stars :)
very hard to see
silent coin
slaughterhouse coin
swag route slaughtered house coin
ItzKiba level : exists  Coin Grinders : now this is an avengers level threat
El man verificando la coin xD
ok i tried going the coin route but now i see what everyone is talking about
top 10 coins mas dificiles del juego:
4k stars Gg :)
thanks for the free coin. it just proves you put no effort into trying to waste peoples time when
you think it's funny to put a stupidly hard coin thats probably hacked. But no, there's a secret way
 Honor level! | Coin is go brrr...
coin = Firework ship XD
I don't have think the coin would be so hard... what happen with level that have coin in theses day?
im at the bottom of the lederboard somehow
woow :0
gg 4 attempts with coin
tu prima va a agarrar esa moneda :'v
JJ!!
i have spent 20 minutes trying to get this stupid coin why does it have to be at the end
gg 3 att
thanks for playing!!!
I would like the gameplay to be more denoted and not overshadow the transitions with a lot of deco.
bonito
gracias a todos los que me ayudaron owo
GG! 3 coins
I feel like this could be a five star if you could actually see the gameplay lol
GG all coins! :)
horrible gamplay but good deco.  overall  its good ig
GG, 39,000 stars!
gg 3 coins
gameplay isnt too good but i passed it w out practically any trouble gg
I am a lonely peanut
Lag del divertido
31 att, all coins. GG
i had to mute the song to not get a cancer in my ears
Thanks for the free coins!! :DD
GG! :)
gg
Fluke
great gameplay, gg
really like the art :
(LIKE) if your here before feature
first coin: fly into box mail at 57 ship. Second coin: hit the gift at 80
Like si este nivel se merece el Daily!!!
prob  gonna get rated
Like if your here before christmas
AWESOME
"finally rated"     its 19 hours old
Que hermosos movimientos :3 Feliz pre-navidad!
Feliz navidad
hermoso
i love fox
Like this comment if you like this lvl and christmas
Spider Bug Lol
like this comment if you do christmas
bro the 45-55% part is one of the best and coolest affects I've ever seen in a level. Thanks for making my day better :)
este nivel se merece estar en el daily del 24 al 25 de este mes :)
the movement and transitions are just too smooth to be gd
bruh
so cool nice work
this is blur
There is a key at 48% for coin.  Hold on platform with red orbs so you don't hit them :)
kinda
clean
dont even look at my percent:(
i love this level
gg
i'm stupid xD
a?
ok you want 10 bucks?
1 coin!
ending seemed lazy and rushed
bro so easy
Good Level
great transitions :)
very calm me likey
gg
1 intento  :)
1500 stars xD
GG! 5,798k stars :)
so i made this thing, where if you click that thumbs up, a number shows up
quiero tener el wave de las pinzas xD el delas 2500 estrellas jejeje
Lo que le falta a mi barrio, esta en GD :0
Alumbrado Publico
Made In Latam
Love this so much!
muy de latino america :...)
Btw, you dont have to jump instantaneately to get the 2nd coin. Wait a milisecond and then jump!
1st coin : Hold at the 2nd slope at 17-18 and then hold again. 2nd coin : Jump again at 77-78.
3rd coin : Free!
the basic bg fits in with everything
GG! 44.4K Stars! :)
the concept is cool BUT it's just plain confusing
musick real good
Nice :D
nice gp
:(
Very Fun Gameplay And Deco :)
Me dio un bobazo en el cerebro, normalmente no practico los niveles x              
Amazing :)
promises by adiale by pahc
this is literally not a remake i just thought it's a funny name lol
If you see this merry Christmas :)
what if im racist
cool level i am homophobic
Adiale's levels were the best and the guy bellow me is dumb
@Adiale
paperworld by taman by nasgubb
Like if the level name is super creative.
That first ship needs to be fixed.
banana
Now someone needs to make Promises by Adiale by Pahc.
banana
good level
the ship part a bit uncomfortable
why does this look harder than it actually is
should be insane
Ship part is dope
lol is lol backwards
i found the ship part a bit uncomfortable
so many lanturns dam
really good atmosphere but id suggest to change some colors and custom backgrounds 
even tho it's kinda repetitive, i think this is pretty enjoyable to play :)
86% is fixed 
1st coin (7%): Go down as the ship; 2nd coin (50%): Skip the pad; 3rd coin (86%): Skip pad, hit orb.
yoo
my guy be getting features
Zamn
SHES 12?, ZAMN, SHES SPICY
why
bruh I was like 2 pixels away from dying at the end
work on gameplay
hi
prize for anyone who can count every lantern in this 
try to vary next time, designs, colours and stuff, you can do it :) sent to mods (2/2)
the designs as such are not bad but it feels excessively repetitive just...(1/2)
please no unexpected j blocks
persons in this moment trigger no jamp after tkae display
ayeeee les go TeryJaki
Jump at 50-51 again for the 2nd coin! ;)
like if you have  p e n i s
Congrats :)
wake up wake up wake up wake up
thanks for 1 coin :v
wake up
Congrats on your second featured North :)
yooo gg dude!
2 attempts
sync is a bit weird in a few areas but cool level otherwise
Esta bonito
like if dreameater in sleeping
gg :)
Me relaje jugando este nivel :3
gg nice job dude ~ Hard 4* IMO :)
gg
GG
;)
nice
me encantan estos tipos de niveles 
why is the ship so annoying
Please give love to this level and like this comment :'3
#girlboss
Epicardo <3
sus
GG! :) 11 Attempts! 40800 User Coins! Very fun level and song!
hot
QUIERO VER UN COLLBA DE FUNKYPERSY Y RENN21
Colos is sus
!!!epic level, featured for sure :)!!!
incredible, awesome, wonderful level :,)
this is epic
went to six flags
snoa is sussy
im in love with the transitions and movement
yes
gg nice level :D
AWESOME!
pass 050520 
who else keeps dying after getting the first coin
colo sus
Fun level, sent :)
ig it doesnt work so good on wave, good level btw
pass is 172000 pls like
So 2.2 when
What a great birthday gift, sincerely thank you from the heart.
good execution but i think we all know why we usually don't see orbs in wave gameplay
cool concept and great deco! happy birthday and keep it up man! :)
really good :)
Coins: 1st coin: blue pad 5%, key 7%, 2nd coin: teleport orb at 40%, 3rd coin: key at 79%.
spider orb...
2021 and 2020 SUCKED
pogu
Happy birthday! Shame it's too close to XMas...
2.2 will release in 2022, if thats not the case then i have no idea
robtop please add teleport orb on 2.2 it how teleport portal
just realized im first to beat without coins lol
Cool level!
bro has spider orb, tp orb, and spider jump pad all in one level in 2.11
recent tab fans vs friends tab enjoyers             you decide
this is just spider orb btw
One of my favorite songs
fallen kingdom song????????
GG! Amazing Lvl;)
Coin tip: 1st:27% upside down go up 2nd: 47% skip green orb 3rd: 80% double invisible yellow orbs
i really like this! good job!
So inspiring. I really like the aspect of consistent challenge in this BEAUTY! Thanks so much! GG<3
gg 8 attempts
G G  Q U E  V I V A  L A  V I D A ! ! ! :)
level 7/10 song 10/10
second coin- dont tap green orb at 46% third coin- tap on two invisible yellow orbs at 80% 
What a nostalgic song :')
me encanto la cancion y el nivel :)
3 coins gg
the creator of the Level come from Germany in like XD i come from Germany
GG with 600 coins
Pay respect for "Fallen Kingdom" minecraft parody [*]
i roooolllleddd the dice, feel the fear in my enemys A A A A A S S S S
banger
2 att gg
ayuda no veo los pinchos 
oh FUUUUUUU
Can we get an F in the chat bois
OMG THJAKN U
pretty nice, i would avoid transparent looking blocks personally, they always felt off to me
only thing i wanna kick is the lag and the triple at the end but gg :)
81k! fun level!
hello, i am autistic
Nice decorations and fun gameplay! :)
take a guess where i died 
damn I already died on 98% three times
plux
nah
Definitely NOT died to 98%.........
El Wave Y El Michigun Lo Va A Hacer Tu Madre
why
:(
how did i 1 att this level and the ending
3 attempts. VERY laggy but so fun. not buggy at all very enjoyable very good level
happily ( I ALMOST died)
industrial society and its future
my dead grandmother would make better gameplay
gameplay is just so... terrible
this gameplay gives me brain damage
fix your shit gameplay you worthless piece of sadness. worst level ever.
gg 35 attempts 1 coin absolutely horrible level
Rest in peace to my part u.u | Amazing effort overall everyone !
gameplay a bit funkyy
wow some people do not like this level
sounds about right
nice deco in my opinion paractise creating layouts to improve gameplay for better experience
yea yea the gp is like 8 months old alright i said ima nerf it when i get home now cease
stop finding excuses to harass ppl and have real problems pls
Wasn't a fan of the gameplay, that first ball section and last ufo particulary.
Nice one, although the transitions at the drop may be confusing. Sent
no dn is workin
ill try to nerf it when i get back home im currently on a plane when this got rated lmao
three levels of this and this guy still hasn't figured out how to make decent transitions
sorry for the delay tried to fix as many bugs as possible :) theres no longer a SW at 90%
this level has really bad gameplay (not hating) but very good design. could be better tho :)
thanks for not giving me a heads up about the s block
warning!!! dont go for the free coin! lol
i'm sorry but for coin grinders u just ruin their experience with the game ...
you ruined your cool level with that shitty coin, not funny bro, but lol
plot twist the coin is actually free and the ufo portal changes to wave based on random chance
bad transition
is the coin route even possible
Free coin and die
helicopter helicopter
I hate the challenge coins
100 likes on this and i will eat my underwear
free coin ayyyyy-
I feel so bad for coin grinders now
nota mental: no agarrar monedas gratis
Bad coin
horrible transition
free coin yeh;)nice ez
Que asco da cuando tienes la coin
:o ese mini wave esta durisimo 
DONT GET FRRE COIN like if this helped you
wow ok 
Russian glow!
try not to likebeg challenge  (impossible)
Be careful with invisible portal next time, gameplay is better when we can read it easily
ass level
im ukrainian
termos
now this is what a GOOD glow level looks like
How to stop school shootings: Close all the schools PERMANENTLY
Very good and fun gameplay! :)
fun
Some crazy takes in here.
Password is 232323 Like so others can see!!!!!
robtop could add a watermelon ball skin.
Like for robtop dislike for advystyles
Chicken Nuggets
Kentucky was named after the restaurant. the governer just really liked the food
robtop should add a difficulty called this sucks
Noice (Not going to be top coment)                    (Hint
Insane 9*?! This is low easy demon, not insane.
Love the energy and designs in this
Among
coin: go up in 10% (yes this comment is useless lol)
i'm surprised no one has said "among" yet
are you actually kidding
a 2* level without countless invisible ramps everywhere what a miracle
surprising amount of gameplay for a 2*
GUYS ADD AN "S" BEFORE THIS LEVEL'S TITLE OGOGMGMOGMOGOMGMOGMOGMOGUS
i really like how 2* levels are starting to have real gameplay again. 
dont say it
Neat and colorful level! :D
among
what a great level i am having a lot of fun
sUS
Us...
1 attempt + coin
why would you make it possible to die after the gamepaly ends?
Amazing! 10/10 gameplay I liked the cube and the ship. :)
all my time wasted to die to a bug bruh
is it suposed to be slow at the end or is my computer laggy?
GG with a lag!
i like you attempting at a theme but i feel like a lot of the transitions are very amateur and the blocks could use a bit of work
I like it but the gameplay requires more attention in my opinion :D Sent!
6 months, 73.8K objects, I hope you all enjoy this! I can't put into words how proud I am <3
Very bad gameplay. 
Cool to see your take on a themed level. The block design could be improved in the later parts. :)
Hey, just woke up! Ty for my 2nd demon rate Rob! c:
rob i will cry and kick myself in the balls if this doesnt get epic + weekly D:
Pro tip: if you hate first jump, just hold at the start
very bad gameplay 
That robot clicks are very unbalanced......
this is sick, well done, rooting for your first epic ^^
broys
GG! :)
Please! More LDM
cool
ROBBED OF EPIC BRUH
Makes me very happy to see how much support this is gaining, thank you :D
support +1
im give up 303 att
Im quite glad to be out of skirts to be honest
the hell did i do
ah yes. insane demon. Only because the sight readability is absolute ass :I
The second half is very annoying
GG! :)
wow, recent tab is amazing
lmfao yesterday it was an insane demon isnt it
sorry bout the gameplay yall :P
this was so hard to read & memorize it just wasnt fun :/
devilworks
GG! :) 246 Attempts! I haven't memorized this much in a long time, it was awesome! Fun level!
im so cool
GG! one of my favorites medium demons :D
GG 461 att, one of the most agonizing gameplay ive experienced, deco and song are nice tho
GG :}
I love this level!!!!!!
Bro why these astronomical difficulty spikes
:/
Very awesome, I like your unique design a lot. My only wish is for the gameplay to be more readable. :)
AAAAAAAAAAAA i died 19 times at 96% :>
how did this go from insane to medium?
Really fun :)
or emacs?
nano is better
FIRST RATED LEVEL BABY LESS GOOOO
gg 21k :)
Vim aqui para te dizer...
VimRin
probaly needs ldm
The best text editor
nevim
Very fun level, sent :)
PAss 001212
What I've noticed from the recent rated insane levels is barely anyone plays them.. GD Logic :/
before doing this i reccomend practicing dash skills first
i feel happy :)
i feel bad :(
Other levels: "ragequit!" This level: ":q!"
Not sure why people call the gameplay bad, this level felt very satisfying to play with music sync.
pretty interesting execution. that and the visuals make this pretty cool :)
22 att gg, first half click patterns are basically spectral tentation nerfed
if humans cant see air, can fish see water?
Creators: Kaikorero, realwhata, xSynthi, CreatorAnuar, Heshii, MaykollGD, 7Tash and Fzzfr.
bug?
we now tied in cp, rob do somwthing about this
i like the part where you get flashbanged a lot
cool
Toilet fard
YOO
yes
Final rate of 2021.
got featured me nuttttttttttttt              %%%
i hate you
70k first milestone this year
i keep dying at 22% for no reason
and belastet too
I really like the glow style
I think at 22 there is a bug, just move the sawblade up to the right
Nice work man :)
lets go 
day 1294 waiting for 2.2
I have a birthday
yo finding zoroa in the recent tab..... one of my favorite creators lol
ship part was cool
Beautiful!
YOU UPLOADED IT ON MY BIRTHDAY WHAAAAAA!!!
Happy birfday guys :)
happy bday zoroa
sweet
GG! And... Happy birthday Zoroa! Thanks for making those inspirational and well crafted levels. nwn
neat
<3
MY FIRST TIME BEAT HARDER LEVEL :D
your creativety is amazing
It's really beautiful! Another Zoroa's artwork
birfday time
bruh nexus didnt even hage time to uplaod before it got rated lol
i dont have a birthday, i simply do not exist
Feliz Cumple a Todos!!
awesome :)
sooo epic :)
What 4 months of Ov does to a mf
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/596739725939965971/905002867302223892/speed.gif
ok fr though this is a really cool level despite being done in a pretty overdone / uninspired style. i really liked the colors they were very nice
is it required for levels in this style to have eyes everywhere
THANSK SO MUCH ROB
Great level, good job!
da crib official discord server brought me here :DD
when the path is faded
almost fluked
this is AWESOME, so unique style!
this is better than most dailys these days
ak i love yuo
HOLY FRICK
5 attempts what... also WTH THE LAG AT END
you'll never dissapointed. amazin job
IT GOT RATED
good level, but full of stupid timings
I like this :)
GG in 16att (no practice). Fun :)
6-7 star
gg 12 attempts, invisible speed changes aren't a good choice
this is 5 star lmao 1 attempt in practice
How do you guys finish recent demon levels so fast? :|
password is 009117 like so people can see :)
extreme demon
GG the last ship part was kinda unbalanced
nice 240/300/360fps bug
Really really fun, Probaly a 8 star tho, but still. Really good :)
gg #160 only 8 attempts
360hz bug :(
17 attempts mad annoying with invisible speed changes
GG w/c, 41 Attempts! Demon 1,164!
very good level, but sweet jesus that 3rd coin is ruthless. 7/10
Lets go, top of the leaderboard with all 3 coins! (That was painful to do on 60Hz)
GG! :)
the last ship is free stop complaining about it
idontliketheshipat80%
WFT this demon take me 9 attemps ,normaly a demon take me 50-500 attemps
GG, 500 demons!!:)
impossible on 240hz
really love all the motivational messages. i unfortunately did not realize they can kill you
magic again?!! poggers dude
Nice level
I love the final section. Really brightened my evening. :)
Motivational words suck, they killed me
i got killed by motivational quotes
secret way patched :)
How ironic is it that the motivational messages kill you lol
my favorite motivational message: "no slide"
cold wind
birday boy blam estaba hay
PETITION FOR EPIC ------>
GG! :)
the raindrops in the final section are lovely!!!
Nice Level 8)
this should be epic featured btw
1 att gg
top #46 gg
I love it, like an acropolis modern styles.
GG
clean
rifky ball ->
How tf this is not epic ://
really cute, style perfectly matches the song
I can see your improvements, and thank you for the dedication c:
Its Epic!
more like a 4-5*
masterpiece :)
one of the few levels with a fun spider part
the end screen is epic :D
Very very smooth, I like
so smooth <3
GG love the level good work
Dash orb transitions are siiiiiick
Best modern level I've ever seen
nice one :)
muy bonito el nivel y bonitos diseos 10 de 10 :3 
clean like a babies bottom
y muy bonita cancion :3
gg! crot
This level goes hard, feel free to copy
Use this link to get your free Discord Nitro for 3 months: www.youtube.com
do you think lazy lion and bored ape explored each others bodies
guys dont tell anyone but i played this level
guys new sexuality just dropped its called nftsexual it means ur sexually attracted to bored ape and lazy lion making out
i was fined $4M for playing this
I just screenshot 300 NFTs and I will make it into GD icon and called it NFT texture pack
just saved this level as a .gmd file
2003devin bitcoin factory out
I am a #CopyableVictim
walroose farpting
2 words. 16 letters. say it and im yours
I will buy this level for $41,000,000
most unenjoyable level I played in 2021
bulgarian thinks nfts are shit
I just got tons of Robux at google.com!
DO NOT COPYHACK MY NFT
laughed audibly several times while playing this
nft demon
Beaten a lot of levels and that was one of them
not bad, however i do think there is a lack of detail in a few areas
npuBET!
Omg I just beat RGB! My first extreme demon finally
Kto ruskiy?
my name is jeff
imagine playing this level on black & white monitor
new level made by my bf cant miss it
privet:)
EOPC = Epic :)
ew what is this
Nice
rossiya svyashennaya, nasha derszhava
Is Super Super gamer!!
GG! All coins! :)
third in leaderboards lol
nothing better than a level with free coins~
Like for Daily!
Ahahahahahha!      Pycckue ecTb?
first*
whats mean "pog"?
you can wreck my halls ;3
spam me all you want, but tbh the gp is pretty bad. not to mention i cant even see were im going.
I don't like the gameplay
gameplay isnt terrible, but also isnt that great.
terrible gameplay
I feel like I just played an easy demon
wreck Raivolts balls, thats what he wants
trash gameplay
this should be 8 star tbh
Evw... Like for real guys cant we all just enjoy a level WITHOUT knowing it from a youtuber
what a trainwreck, should be 9 stars bc of how inconsistent and unfair it is
please let me see this is mobile abuse
removing the coin if i want to see? not cool bro
thats why its called WRECK the halls :)
thwanks
yes
I need a copy able for practice this part
Evil Santa
perish
I no like gameplay, deco not bad, musik too not bad)
This is really awesome, gj
Can you fix the secret way at 32%? Thanks!
claim your "Before Rated" ticket here :)
Thanks for fixing. Interesting level overall, has some "Crazy" vibes and interesting gameplay ideas.
Who from nexus :)
Actually pretty fun
my second bossfight level
GG! It was very fun to play! :D
I REALLY like this, the animations and the way you used the song is so good!!
yo recent tab
the bug at 71 never happen in normal mode guys it happen when u die once u are ufo on the practice
hard demon
swing copter is so hard..
GG! Pretty fun :)
GG! :)
Like if came before feature.
GG! :)
really cool! the gameplay is a little annoying tbh
very charming and fun :)
DavJT must be so proud of you guys
tiltle is me when i see oraangee
dont you all love the coin
YES NOW THE COINGRINDERS CAN SUFFER
this gameplay is seriously not it
pass is 211205           can we reach 10 likes? :)
nice color scheme!!
Nice
The Title just scared me 
fun and bouncy levle
would have appriciated better gameplay but this is really cool :) well done
gg with a coin :) I think not hard coin lol
Like if think that it is NEW DAILY
wow my friend :) good job brother :)
not bad
who the hell grinds coins
gg 3000 stars :)
Bloodbath + Lust = Bloodlust XD
i remember playing what would eventually become your first feature in magic. you have come far
One of my fav levels :)
ncie bug :)
bello! 
not bad sent :)
not bad, i feel like some effects could be polished up more tho :)
1st coin 39% over ufo portal, 2nd 73% for the key, 3rd is pretty obvious lol
:clap:
Very interesting actually, sent :)
brilliant,good job,bro)
Rate 
do you feel my pain
neato
LESGOOOOOO
This is pretty cool
not bad!
@bizaare lo sai che mi assomigli?
Rimuginando nel passato, ricordi riaffiorano
@robtop i like your face is a banger ngl
griggio
all coins!
Not bad, sent :)
GG!! 18k stars
:D
pretty neat!!
good remake, really should have included the high-jump robot coin though!
Good level :)
classci
i aprove dreameater
GG
GG! Nice remake! :3
imagine rate begging
GG! :D
3112 stars :D
dont wanna be that guy, but HOW IS THIS AWARDED?
4444 stars:D
good
gg both coins!
impressive
2 att gg
El Inicio Me Cuesta
690
GG All Coins  :D
que bonitooooooo
Bad transition =  Free coin?? GG 2 coins.
Invisible pad here.
the spam at the begining is cancer
I doubt this was playtested in the slightest
Honestly, I like it :)
girls suck at making levels
esto merece epic 
also i found this in magic
dam the transitions lool
Transitions are a surprise and a half, but the visuals are wonderful :3, GG ^^
Really good level. Other than aa few blind jumps, this is a really good level. Deserves Featured.
this song is the leading cause of cancer
Trash lmao
gg
GG :)!
Posiblemente nuevo nivel favorito :D
wow this got rated
Amo este nivel...! <3
Really bad the first orb spam
anyway thanks for give me this opportunity, it means a lot to me! This will be epic!
unbearable gameplay
sure is
you are based
ZAMN SHE'S
i was thinking about "Based II" and then i found "Collab Edooox". wtf
yeah gp kinda sucks 
Bad Gameplay
mwah
0/10 level cancer gameplay.
Password: 007678
this is so good
Gg! Demon #510 :) {175 att} Gameplay meh =/
actually fun, but damn, who was the other creator in this level?
Amazing level, GG! :)
Pizdex ya ebu etot level takoy konchennuy nahuy  v 80% tam nihuya se tayming blyyat' avtor ty SUCHKA
GG! 7 attempts :)
shet
GG! 176,000 Stars! 18/12/2021 :)
i wonder who this is a collab with
if system 32 is so good why isnt there a system 33
really fun and looks cool, but make SURE to play on reduced flash. sent for feature
C:\Windows\>del system32
New solo, probably my best level im really proud of
it's a hard demon imo...
If you delete System.32, your computer will be lost ;)
GG! Really fun ;)
C:/Windows/System32/explorer.exe
COOL LEVEL
GG :)
This is hard , not medium guuuuuuys!!!!!
why this is medium demon
Amazing level, GG! :)
The first cube is quiet hard in my opinion, so maybe this should be rated hard demon?
i hit your child with car
bulgarian likes this level
TOO GOOD
65-100 nice :D
is hard demon XD
GG! :) 91 Attempts! Enjoyable and really fun level!
this is really good
Coin 1 : down 42% / Coin 2 : up 98%
rate?                      [tap here] -->
I think this should get epic :D
absolutely fantastic
aaa ta bug la rampa
chinese song, I approve. +30 social credit
Uo Necesito, Una Verdadera Revision De Ojos, Por Que El Vicio Al Gd Me Esta Afectando! :'c F.      
12att all coins gg :)
gg fluke from 20%
pretty simple but clean, nice work
neato
Awesome
Awesome ^^
Cool c:
bug at 88 cuz dumb moving object
Great level!
Last ball part was weird for me. For some reason some of the inputs didn't register so I kept dying.
I beat this before the song even downloaded
gg
need rate :)!                              like here->
Assing como siempre nos sorprende con sus creaciones :)
deme un taco del mundial  -como?  -sin chile
bro..
Muy decente, proba la proxima mas combinaciones de colores, variacion de designs y atmosfera. c:
Antes del rate, GG! :)
500 User Coins, y muy buen nivel eh, GG!
all coins gg. description changed?!
Que bonito ay voa llorar T-T
la musica me encanta 8]
:(
Need rate<3
amigo el nivel, la musica, el salto troll del final, que buen nivel ^^
GG! 3 coins
Cool 8)!
ta hermoso
GG!
h
1 att, GG!
<3
ill be your girlfriend kodex
This deserves epic 9*, change my mind
I personally think this should be easy demon due to the length of it.
thnks romtpu
Collab with Wodka, Tenzk and Nezzie :)
amazing transition at the last 10% of an xl lvl
epic
kodex369
very interesting and cool
woah i like this a lot. honestly i think this couldve been epic rated
62 atts
Not a bad level, but the rating just doesn't match the difficulty
transition at 24 is broken for me
GG! 
Give this epic
i love isane face :)
awesome
learning hard
This level is so GOOD! I saw it on youtube and had to play it, nice job!
this 100% deserves epic
This is really cool! My only complaint is that its a bit unbalanced
unreadable, unbalanced, and most of all unfun
i hate how the pulses slowly go out of sync in the beginning
felicidades por su feature :)
A little but unbalanced but love the gp
Medium demon dual in a 7 star
96att all coins gg. annoying dual part
Balance your stupid level, PLEASE
Whats with that assymetrical dual at the end..
Felicidades Amigo Por Tu CP :D
ALFIN BRO TU PRIMER CREATOR POINTSSFNDJDNFFJFJJFFB
Fix a shit at the end of the lvl and we'll talk how cool it is later
I beg you...gameplay...not good
Very cool level, but please fix the dual. It's very buggy
GG
@ivan gg
nice transition dude
muy bien mi viejo amigo! felicidades!
Click at 35% is bugged on 300Hz. Nearly impossible to pass.
@nico mi logo :)
The better STSOOTATE layout
the mouse is burning 
dorsha.exe is clearly traceable. Awesome :)
hey look a 6 star level without cancer gameplay
Love it!
GG, this level makes me nostalgic.
Its not stsootate
Burning rat, lmao
Good :) The Rats waifus is beautiful
Love the different colors in this level amazing! :3
gg 1 att :) ta bonito
LOVE IT!!Really amazing work maxann :3 keep it up! <3
nice level :)
This level is so 2017, but with actually good sync and colors
you've improved, i like the vibrant designs
Love it! :D
like 2.0 style)
gg buen nivel
my favorite stsootate level
What a nice level! GG
Easiest medium demon ever
I hate the ship
forgor peaks :skull:
;)
tip: by holding the dash orb at 36, you can dash upwards until around 54.5ish, which is the ship :)
i f***ing hate the mini cube
stupid ass level
:le:
gameplay is absolute trash
gg the ship is too hard
okey dokey son of mbed
We can all admit, the ship is the only hard part in this level
Oh. Hi.
pass?
I hate ship gameplay :(
L easy
Updated to remove secretway
me when easy demon
i really don't like this level
worst gameplay of all time
YOU would spend money to pay someone to make a level that you in fact CANT make yourself
named after my favourite song, Basket Case by Green Day 
the fact that youre willing to stoop to such a low where youre spending money for cp bruh
fun fact if all fiverr levels made by lucut (dimcikaa) were moved to their acc, they'd be in top 100
GG's. 2 Coins.
super neat
do u have the time. to listen to me whine
hey dude we literally know who you are buying from. you aint hiding anything.
idc if someone buys a level but taking credit for it is just straight up annoying and selfish.
@RainerOW damn you really got them there dude. nice own
omg green day <3
Green (thurs)Day
lmao i had no idea you could buy levels on fiverr.
show your profile at the start of the video then
First part feels very unpolished comparint to other parts, but it has really good gameplay otherwise. Sent for feature :)
gg 11 attempts
people that pay others for cp in a literal 2 dollar cube game is so funny to me. like just get good!
some areas could have more attention to detail, but not bad at all!
Fun level, the quality is inconsistent, the part before the drop looks empty. Not bad overall, keep your good gameplay :) Send to mods.
GG All Coins & Fluked from 7% :).
coin: after touching all triggers past 75, smash ur head on the floor of 96, coin is a few pixels
its true!
I wonder if I should even go for the coin.
the lyrics were from a speech by alan watts which was why the original song was banned
that coin is evil
I'm sad that the lyrics were removed
took the coin route and didnt get the coin lol
2h3n the drip is respectable, but the chips are inpecible, thats chips ahoy
??????????
yeah thats because i didnt make the coin be automatically given to you with the route
ill continue doing that
10k stars
noob straight fly lol
I hate this coin so much
why is the title offcenter my ocd is going crazy
Great level - the vibes make for a good expierience!
about time i got the coin lol
trippy as fudge through a kaleidoscope
gg 8500 stars on mobile
the wave isnt even that hard
My finger already hurts
Fun level, sent :)
okay this is kinda creative at times honestly, and the gameplay sync is pretty satisfying
Aeon wishes he was as good as me
8* imo
I swear I missclicked "LOVED IT" ;-;
another level that got robbed of epic 
That S Y N C .
Yay! It's rated! :D
NICE LEVEL MAN
Still the best sync ive seen in a level
Good sync
first part is cool
really fun
Epic!
S I N C.
Added a LDM and made some gameplay fixes, sorry guys
Orbs and orbs and more orbs, but... with very good sync.
work on your ufo gameplay a bit more
really fun, i like it
the level is so bad. its just spam
RobTop loves worst Gameplay in the world
wtf wrong with this shit at the end
hi get top comment?
SpRated
Fun level, GG! :)
GG secret way at 45%
I put a whole bag of jelly beans up my ass
sp
spcollab
Too hard for demon btw, sent as 8 stars :)
bulgarian likes this level
ok im like 99% sure the spider bug in talia's part is fixed now, sorry about that!
own this fraudulent moderator
40 attempts (+ 3 coins, weekly). #1585
the sp stands for super pretty, bc this is for sure a good-looking level by good-looking people :)
fixed the ldm bug in talia's part
i dont know why people are complaining about the gameplay, its really fun
 best white straight male player
SPSent :)
hate to say this, but this was the most agonizing gameplay experience I've had
Not a fan of this gameplay, will beat it anyway just for showcase
please make it clear that you die if you skip something, i hate dying to seemingly thin air.
if this gets epic i stay absolutely the same
181,000 Stars, GG! :)
effects and designs are so cool but the gameplay absolutely crushes me
noxi2nd thinks this is very cool, who agrees with noxi2nd?
Absolutely love this, awesome atmosphere and great design. Great job! :)
worst gameplay ever
Great level, GG! :)
very awkward gameplay, should've playtested better
this has got to be the worst gameplay ever. none of it makes sense
deco is really good, gameplay feels like sh*t to learn and play, especially the ball
The gameplay wasn't enojoyable but I really like the atmosphere in it. 
ceru star estimation be like:
PLEASE add some sort of indication as to where S blocks end. Honestly can't even finish a practice run because of things like this.
mod: *does not like gameplay* also mod: *sends anyway*
like si eres hombre
this gameplay is awful
is the planet ok
38,000 stars, GG!
bro
poop
dual ship... im so bad at it
Nice
Fun ^^
gg on your first rate!
me gusto mucho el nivel
should have known
we have a problem here
i hate these tranastiensygwvzs
Cool :D
not ready for daul ship
GG! :) 23 At 
gg 3 coins
that.....
That song reminds me of my beginnings
all coins!
Gg 6 att :)
Nice and simple. Neato.
Copy paste, weird colors, boring gameplay, poor deco, basic effects, no transitions...
proof that anyhting a mod builds gets rated lmao. no offense, but this seems very low effort
COIN 1: go up at 3-4%, go up at 14%. COIN 2: go up at 47%. COIN 3: free
all of your levels feel like inside jokes
there are normal levels, experimental levels, weird levels... and then there's this.
I'm not against this being rated, but I feel this being featured is way generous for what it is
So Good nice level :)
This better not be the THIRD day with one rate in a row
not to be rude,but what is this and why is this rated
tyler.
not to mention he makes almost nothing in these levels. this level was entirely made by scripthd
This is not feature worthy
Honestly it should not be featured
WOOO
why this have featured?
Looks Worse than Stereo Demoness
Definite proof that you don't have to be talented to make a featured level, you just gotta be a mod.
doesn't deserve rate, but nice
no se ustedes pero no creo q meresca las estrellas
are you kidding me
quite literally at least a 9 star
I COULDN'T RESIST
i'm dumb or something
Yeah pretty sure this isnt 7 stars lmao
short levels are so underrated, if it was long enough so it would be "long" it would be 9* lol
the ship part is insane 9 stars!!
"dont jump" my brain: JUMP
"not 7 stars" get good       Besides, ty for using my song! Wish the level synced better tho,,
Gg
GG!
@Triplebarrel <3
this is at least 9 stars
this is one of those levels that looks harder than it actually is
No.
9 star
16.804eme stars, cool level :D
F im stupid :(
gg 28 attempts
Lmao this is thighter than thanatophobia
this is rated too low
Deez what, sir?
nuts
Lets be honest, we all knew one of the top comments was gonna say "nuts".
a little messy but not bad
gg on the 30 cp big man i love you kiss me please
CAN I PUT MY BALLLSS IN YO JAWWWWSSSS
YES 30 CP AFTER 7 MONTHS
will there be a sequel called candace?
did you know about the childrens book called dees big nuts?
deez nuts
this level needs npesta mode
what about gay lefts?
oh
GG?
i hate it here
deez nuts
who just searched up deez
nuts
where are the nuts anyway?
new blochy level YES!!!!!!!
Looks really good, but gameplay could be slightly more balanced tbh. Sent :)
Quest to beat COVID
Wow! Very Cool level!
h
gg 5 attempts 2 coins
Nice
gg
Good job on design & colors! The gameplay is a bit buggy, try to improve it and this will be better :) Send to mods.
This is really good!
Accidentally got the first coin so gg 2 coins
Gg!
gg
Thats absolutely sick bro :0
GG's. 1 Coin. Very much inspired by Vexes7.
No way this ain't vexes7
GG por el rate po
i died there 2x for no reason
gg
speaking of immunity, everyone who reads this should get vaccinated if you aren't already :D
as a fan of dex arson i can confirm that this song is DEEPLY underrated by the world of gd
this was legitimately insulting to play
me gusta :3
wow! an astonishing 4 clicks needed!
coin 1: orb 1-2%. coin 2: up at 58% coin 3: trigger orb at 95%
2012 ATTEMPS 1000% SPEED GGGGGGGG
remember when you actually had to do something in 2* levels?
what's the point in putting orbs in the level when you aren't clicking them anyways?
Gg te recomendaria algo pero siento que es mucho pedir XD
feel my pain
1 Coin.Tap Orb 2%, 2 Coin 58%, 3 Coin. Tap Orb 96%
This is an auto level with like 2 times you have to jump
cool
16 Cps soon ... AgaiN
Hehe im 69th on leaderboard
me gusta mucho delen like
069021, pass of all my levels
auto
me: sees a question mark        my brain: COIN
i love doing nothing
4x4 is 1 noob
Jam Factory now this?? damn jamattack really do be loving them 4+ min levels lol
first (this is JamAttack commenting I am just using Guppy's account)
Rate insane demon LOl
I mean Jam Factory is 3 minutes but I can see your point @SomeRandomCow lol
Fantastic work!
GG! :)
This is not hard demon, its insane demon :/
THIS IS SO SICK
I don't come from Nexus, stop with the comments
can creators start focusing more on fair & forgiving gameplay like this instead of just being hard
GG! 147 attempts, very fun hard demon :)
Finally
Im calling that insane demon lol
Hats off, this is one of the best levels ever made. I would say the best in its style
Fun level, GG! :)
OMG who's here from nexus is top comment
My hardest is Acu and I say this is an easy insane demon. Does that make you happy? @fathom14
Very nice level!
Like if you dont like "Whos here from nexus?" comments.
Insane Demon Masterpiece (Epic)
what the door doing
Like if this isnt 4*
Jak chcecie sie bawic w chowanego to nie w moim pokoju!
idk about 4*
WTF 4 stars minimal 6!!
cogi kup te drzwi
why this is 4 star
kristofer zainwestuj w drzwi
to niech kupi
hard for 4 stars
POLSKA GUROM
hej P O L S K A G U R O M
co polska o kurwa
that ship can't be in a 4 star
you have done me dirty sir ):<
wow nie ma drzwi harry poter jestes XD
RUDE
I love the 41% part, but at the same time I hate it
Jak chcecie sie bawic w chowanego to nie w moim i died at 98 ihy pokoju!
literally "polished" xD
Evil cesar: hare niveles originales y creativos y no voy a usar copypaste cada 2 bloques!1!1!1
when robas los efectos
GG Bro! 3CP ;)   EDIT: Efectos robados xD
Las transiciones deben de mejorar, intenta no hacer un sube y baja con el GP 
las transiciones son mejorables y la decoracion esta mas quemada que Tadashi
Evil Cesar : Hare' unos efectos por mi mismo XD
...decor shitty moments. Colors look solid
te faltaron mas amigos cesar.. no? osea, es para especiales?
this level looks much better with LDM
Crei que este nivel no iba a tener rate por el excesivo Copy-Paste pero bueno...
Fg should go in the opposite direction. The level looks pretty primitive in design. There are some..
epicos efectos robados
Resumen: Deco generica sobre explotada mal intento de transiciones y el gameplay todo raro
Que lamentable es que solo porque los efectos son re genericos piensen que son robados
keep mistaking the dash orbs for green orbs :/
en todo el nivel
pinches morros mecos pidiendo likes :v
y nose como a este chico sabe hacer estos robos tan geniales? xd
Holy crap bro, this is s i c k
pog
Nice one, sent :)
good level, but the last wave is much harder than the rest, lucky i only died there once
this is why you dont put gravity portals in a wave
good work, i suggest to upgrade the first part making some block variation !
Wave at the end is stupid.
send sent
SO CLOSE TO FLUKING NOOOO :)
Love the colors but I feel some parts have a lot of glow on the arrows and the bg. Def a rate tho!!
@JustL3o ty so much!!! <3
nice level
gg 147,000 stars :)
gg 3 coins
im so bad
before rate :D
Nice Level!!
4 att gg mobile
g
odio la parte del wave
2 att gg
GG
Nice!
This is so fast, I need more power to beat it :pog:
i am the playtester
i think this is either a hard medium demon or an easy hard demon
Amazing level, GG! :)
:)
special thanks to fuudanshi for helping playtest
love the colors & the movements and the gameplay is awesome :)
saRy always clear
best gameplay ever
GG! 23 attempts :)
hard demon?
GG
GG!
amazing dude 
This is literally the most fun thing ever...
GG ;) 38 Attempts ;)
i beat visible ray
GG, amazing gameplay :)
Beware! Cuidado!
like si hablas espanol y eres latino :)
I'm happy to see you again guys!! c":
Oh my god, this is very cool :D
grab 2 keys to get the coin. first is at the bottom at 6%, second is at the top at 15% :)
quiero ser famoso ;v
GG for featured... F for the eight page place, I hope much people play and enjoy this lvl :c
cool c:
el muchacho de los ojos tristes
Glad to see your return, this is amazing! <3
the pass word is, there is no password, thank me later
Beautiful Sad!
AAAAAAAA I LOVE THIS SO MUUUUCH
El nombre del nivel hace referencia a una cancion de mi banda mexicana favorita "Ramona" <3
Rob didn't see all the lvl, this lvl deserved epic, not feat in 8th page place. I'm unmotivated :/
Like si hablas espanol xd
I mean, featured is Ok, but not in 8th page place, much people won't play this lvl :c
I spent 2 years putting effort into every detail, not like many rushed lvls with epic or first page
tristes pulmones :,(
dislike if every recent level should be rated
:)
100 likes and I will watch Rick Roll for 24 hours straight
Dont mind me Im star grinding
this should be 5*
sorta falls off at the end but i really like the simplicity of the first part! great job :D
Awesome! This deserves a feature
Lovely designs! Backgrounds were really really nice <3
pretty cool
fun level
Next level will for sure be better, this was more of a way for me to see if I could still build lol
I DID IT 24 HOURS OF RICK ROLL DONE :) :) :) :) IM FREEEEEE
Like if you hate the spider part
Discovery Kids
Daily :)?
Nice
GG
Discovery Channel
really good. its unfortunate that the movement and pulsing are kept to a minimum tho
4 att GG!
nice 2 atts
Epic
medium/hard
This is epic. Always happy to see a new level from you! :D
very difficult extreme, main list imo
why extreme
The Password is 030521 :)
Very fun level, GG! :)
very hard to sight read, but looks cool
Wait you're back? This was unexpected lol
ratio + medium demon
wait what
nice level :)
GG, ME LO ACABO DE CRUZAR ANTES DE QUE FINALIZARA EL 2021, ULTIMO RETO DEL 2021 CUMPLIDO. :D
dying to 93 I get, but how did I manage to die at 94...
#1561. Welcome back, Chlorines!
yoooo hes back <3
zdochni na rakovinu
I found a secret way at the 60 duel, gonna rebeat it.
demon
zdechni zmrde
yep
The gameplay is very annoying
please decide between 8* and demon gameplay
annoying gameplay
every ship part in this level straight up sucks
horrible level
ye this gp aint it
second?             nvm
Honestly some good ideas here, but some parts are impossible to sightread.
ship ew
not 9
twice in a row smh please balance your levels, they would be much more enjoyable if they were
Buggy
not fun at all
Ship is super fun but everything else was eh, super unbalenced. And 9 star? You sure rob?
Fun
???
Not the best gameplay and transitions.
GG! 412 att. Could be more balanced, other then that, very enjoyable!
cries
no way I beat it
oh my god this is 8 star why is this 6
The gameplay is really bad honestly, but I can't deny that the decoration is pretty good
terrible gameplay from start to finish
Interesting level. Send to mods.
Ta dificil
Beautiful! ;D
i have deep desires for garfield the cat
just... bad
6 star?
9 stars?
Buen nivel sigue hechandole ganas y vamos que consigues otro featured :'v
gg 87 attempts very hard for 6 stars imo
Looks amazing, but some of the gameplay moments annoys me a bit.
23 att gg
bad gameplay, also it crashed my game when i finished a practice run...
LAGGGGGGGG (WITH LDM)
some of the ideas on this level are pretty cool honestly, loved it.
la deco es mas que excelente  gg
epic
7* or 8*
ratio head
performance of the new song by the radioheads - creep 2
you're so quacking special
Radiohead fans when a radio gives them head, idk, I never listened to their music
ay it's rated gg now make creep 3 by radiohead right now or i will find you
see the last 4 letters of the level name? Yeah imma need some of that
deleting all rate begs here simce rob don't need them anymore
Really liked the gameplay here, design could use a bit more work however.
reupload because of a gd bug
YOU COLLABED WITH MOXXIE FROM HELLUVA BOSS??!!@??#!??##?
send clickbait to roptob
avakai top comment NOOOOOO
ma perch devi fare il reupload porco dio allox ti pio a cinghiate
rapidhead 
weird but sick
Hello Moxxie =)
loved the differing paths
Its been a while after allox got a rate
yum
rob we need more first cps
Nice level, but of you can make the first click auto it would be better, sent :)
so many minor gameplay errors that make this unenjoyable to play :(
people will never learn to not put invisible pads at transitions
nice lvl, all coins :) first- tap at 7% second- dont tap at 57% third- go up at 91% :)
Some of the gameplay is downright awful
if you say 1attemps i kick your a**
Stealing decoration from my level eh? Seriously? :/
hikex
Could be a Map Pack Level
I dont like the begining, you should give more reaction time
good stuff , i hope to see more moves and constancy in the parts ... sent for rate !
decoracion original de hikex
worst transitions ive ever seen in my life
Pretty nice and laid back level with cool decoration, but the blind transitions really do bring this down a bit :(
GG the first part of the spider was so hard to me xD
Good way to start a level
i hve never seen gameplay this annoying
Wtf bad transitions insanely buggy gp
Im sorry, but that gameplay in the beginning is horrendous. Otherwise great level lmao
i hate the gp and transitions
I hated building on this. Was horrible
i liked building on this. was fun
who is the 'my' in this scenario
In my mind extreme demon. Best shit ever
i've seen medium demons harder than this wtf
great style matching :)
very cool and epic but theres a secret way right at the beginning
this deco is incredible but the gameplay brings it down a lot
I did not like the gameplay. Was unbalenced, got boring. This is a medium demon too!
great collab, your styles really go well together :)
nope. medium demon. not even close to an easy nice try robtop
this was an extreme demon yesterday :/
Amazing level :)
anyone wanna eat some playdough
medium demon not easy bro
This may be unique and cool looking, but the gameplay is sadly downright awful to play.
extreme demon > hard demon > medium demon > easy demon (???)
okay seriously VERYYY unbalanced not recommended to play
Yeah not  playing this garbage
Man this gameplay kinda sucks
like = boy    dislike = girl    ignore = trans
nice level bro
i love these kinds of dubbayoo design levels and i have no idea why
this isn't worth a feature
Uh It's Um Mhm It's Eh How Do I Put This... Very... Very... Sightreadable (LYING)
not good/10
I liek
excuse me... WHAT???
deception dive moment
No is dont good
i love this song
featured how?
Deception Dive V2
that mini  ball is one of the seven deadly sins istg
ok but why is this rated, levelution is a dead trend lmao
like cuz song
why
Tutorial
If you call this level good, i really hope your joking.
Good gameplay i supposeeeee
like = boy    dislike = girl   ignore = trans
very nice remake. glad you kept the feeling of the gameplay in tact
Very fun !  Love the feel it gives to the original of Endorphin Rush 8)
GG!
the coins are hell
no no nope there's no way im collecting these coins haha, they're insane.
GG! :)
delicious
dont hit square orb at beginning youll die at 30%
the robot is awful, the rest is great
289attempts GG
Tama_N
stupid coins, first one especially 
Absolutly cool, easy demon btw! :3
I only got one coin and that's enough coins for me
really good, compliments the fun of the original
easy honestly, but it's nice seeing Endorphin Rush reworked
Endorphin rush?
gg mobile
same! gotta love it when you get to choose what you wanna do lol
My cats name is Opal :)
Pass 147258
GG! :)
i can tell you a bout how God sent Jesus to save our sins.He died for you.
nice
@AndrewCroco no global rank, no opinion
GG!
Like Opal III sin lag
el ldm no sirve, pero me encanto el nivel
gracias por la dedicatoria xypher <3
xypher basado 
GG! :) 89 Attempts! Very clean and fun level!
cool so far!
tremendo nivel
fun but kinda buggy
Gracias por la dedicatoria pa
GG 42 attempts :D
GG! Very fun level
GG Fun :)
GG! :) 46 attempts. #1498
ronaldinho soccer HA HA HA HA
ha ha ha! ronaldinho soccer!
wave is the hardest part, kinda unbalanced but fun level, 10* easy demon imo
fenomeno do futebol demon
8 stars ? should be 9 at least , cool concept
SIUUUUU
I played this level in front of my brazilian friend, he became paraguayan
a bit unbalanced but still very fun :)
lIKe iF yOuR nAMe iSnt jOsHUah
ankara mesi ankara mesi ankara mesi gololololololololol  lolololololololololo trololololol ohohoh 
where are the brasileiros
ok why is the ship a demon part and the wave is free
easy demon
mesi
robtop rlly saw this and decided to rate it 8 stars.
Like if this level is completely unbalanced. Also all 8* are pretty much demons.
Que onda memomonstro
horrible gameplay
Done in 1 attempt ;) This was fun ;)
i keep on dying to that saw at 53%
confusing deco
update: add disable custom objs
this says alot about the current political climate of Tajikistan
Amazing as always!
decent but custom orbs and portals too confusing
nice!
lets be honest the level is very good but a option to turn off custom objects would be nice.(:
love it!
Like if rob should just release 2.2 and stop procrastinating.
4000 usercoins
WHAT ARE THESE ORBBSSSSS
conga la conga
beautiful decoration laggy but good gameplay but the orbs are different i can work with that
thanks for updating the level. (:!!!
GG!
I dont think I can send messages anymore and Im REALLY REALLY angry about it >:(
I didn't find the custom objects that confusing...idk.
i spamed as hard as i could and i got 5% lol
confusing
i hate modern levels
Coin: Don't touch the blue tap at 15%. =)
gg complete 24 coins
cool one thazm ;)
so many coins yet i only managed to get one.....
coins were really cool in the first cube but then it got lazy... why didn't you keep going w. it?
interesting
LIkE IF YOU HATE SCHOOL.!!!!!
the coins at the start exist to taunt us
forget the high object count badge can we get a seizure warning indicator 
I USED TO RUUUUULE THE WOOOORLD
I CAME BACK FROM THE BATHRROO(MMMMMM
I wish I had those coins.
Million coins omg my EYES
Me : I like the beggining | Coins grinder : *die*
Nice coin  :)
ok, the first part is the most hilarious thing ever
The Nostalgia From Captain Sparkles. I'M NOT CRYING YOUR CRYING
I used to roll the dice
CoinLimit.exe has stopped working
porque hay tantas silver coins ?
how did you get 99 ? did you fall through the level ?
solved the ground issue.. never going to use spawn trigger again
my favorite demon! wait wrong level.
need featured :)
GG 180k stars! :P
i thought it was a secret way XD
So fun dude, i loved it!
wow awesome rate bross nice
damn, very cool level tho
X is harder
perfect level, no complaints
Cool!   :D
by triaxis
nice pixel travel
secret way en el 72%, recomiendo fixearlo, por cierto muy buen nivel, aunque no tan variado como ix
by triaxis
here before feature!
i will be sad if this isnt featured/epic
you're like jonathangd but with sufferable gameplay
GG! :)
:))
colorful level sent :)
1 att, GG!
Pretty nice! Sent :)
i always love your levels
GG! Thx! For free coin! Top 170 :D
GOOD LEVEL 100%
:) Thanks For Dedication dude <3 :)
WOW))))
o
i rember
Nice <3
GG!!
32,4k estrellas
God level 
Chill Level!
gg remember
I never forget this level :>
Nice Level 7u7
gg 1 attempt 1 coin
first comment
cool but there are some parts that are empty
bro, this one should get feature +
look like random block design
I like it, it has good gameplay
very realistic my little friend :D
Hi Nice Work keep it up
muy buen nivel me encantooo
yes!
Groovy!
love it. few parts could have been decorated a little bit more, but otherwise great effort
gg 1 att, this is how lvls in this genre should be like this one. amazing 10/10
I like it if you think this level is very nice
epc level gg 1 atm
GG!
Frist comment :)
2 attempts, fun
the energy doesn't fit the song, and it makes it feel so underwhelming
gg 10,700k stars. Excelent level :)
palm tree moment
when the cloudy is night
i dont like noxop GD
neat as
gg w coin. gp needs work but cool
Can't see its too cloudy and dark
I like the level but the gameplay is kinda hard to read
dude i can't see anything what the hell how is this 7 stars
sick
super good, wish it kept going
love the atmosphere in this
very nice
good level imo
why spike so similar to bg
too bright, add more dark
love
fella
if the level was lighter
pretty hard coin and sight read , cool level
when the rain effects in this level is better than the ones in GTA definitive edition
this is genuinely horrifying gameplay. what the hell
Very clean, good job!
IM SHAKING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This level is really fun! Sent :)
not bad sent for star rate :)
nice level...top 3 gg ;)
34.1k user coins, GG
Done :)
Mooooo-Mooooo i'm a Cat
very cow
RoBtOp CoMmEnT rEqEsTs!!11!!!!
GG All Coins :).
beep beep im a sheep
not bad.
this level is soo good keep it up yo
i love it. gg all coins
nice
Cool & Fun level! Send to mods.
  
it said 69
wait what someone said cow
Suscribete a mi canal de YouTube para mas contenido ^^
Nice one, sent :)
Not too bad.. sent :)
would recommend trying to use more structures in order to fill up more space
claim your here before featured here
Rated! FINALLY!!
GG antes del rate :3 vi tu nivel en facebook 
I liked the endscreen so much i fell asleep
like if you didnt find it in the recent tab
Done :)
nice
gg :)
GG bro!!!
GG bro buen nivel
good level but I died on the last part 
Bro, colors are so good, the ambience is well established and gameplays smooth, good job! :)
epic 7 stars
1 att gg
Rebeath with all coins
tambien al principio creo que le quedaria un mejor fondo y cambiar de forma mas visible la posicion
Very very sweet
muuy bonito, gran trabajo!
#ratesomenum
Esto va para epic
NECESITA EPIC KAKWKSKWUDJUSKW
Aqui antes del featured ;)
Amazing Sync and Design. 69 jumps total too Lol:)
really nice!
awesome level
very clean, awesome level!
quality dipped at the end but not bad at all!
ta kawaii
GG!
Feadture Zhuan GGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
so good, also itshould be 4 stars, not even close to 7*
I like this :)
Really Cool!!
this looks dope, it feels kinda static in parts though (and the flashing at the end is a bit much). great job tho :D
GG
finally found a normal level
Really fun level! Sent ;)
super fun gameplay with nice colors :)
i like it but yea the gameplay isn't really balanced after the 30% of the level. Sent :)
GG! :)
CRISTO
good level but unbalanced gameplay
GG! :)
what was i thinking with this ball gameplay at my part. 
I wouldn't say it's insane demon but still really fun. GG
GG! 3,100 Demons 08/12/2021 :)
he need some milk
tetas
1st attempt
really fun :D
epic composition of electrons and neutrons
nice
gg 1101 attempts rlly fun lool
hi smiffle
fluke from 35%
around 470 att, fluked from 41, fast paced gp is so hard to me omg
They didnt let me put "BIG DUCKNIG CHUNGUS" in the description :(
why is this song on a game for four year olds
Since I built in it i am legally obligated to comment.
can you kids stop complaining abt the song name, it's a swear word i get it. not that offensive lmao
when someone thinks lgbtq is stronger than the millitary
sepsis
top 5 fortnite youtubers whove sworn
who else looked up the least liked featured extreme demon to find this?
GG :)
me when inappropriate word
mommy... what does ******* mean?
idk if kids pay attention to the song names, nor will they find this level because, little kids litteraly more likely have gd lite and gd world.
godly song name + godly gameplay :o
We are all Fuched
extreme demon I think
one of the best song names ever
I logically know why this is an Extreme Demon.                                             Its hard.
lets go!!!!!!!!!!!!! underrated level 11,392atts GG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
Sephtis for extreme
GG! 1233 atts so fun to play :} thanks for making this beast! its similar to the reaper which i love
no thanks, i don't wanna collab
TEAM WANNACOLLAB!
Some parts feel too different each other but it's a nice level
TEAM WANNACOLLAB
OMG WHAT?!?! TYSM ROB!
TEAM WANNACOLLAB!
TEAM WANNACOLLAB! >:)
Nice one, sent :)
TEAM WANNACOLLAB
TEAM WANNACOLLAB
i swear tropo is in literally every creating team
Great job to everyone. Send to mods.
TEAM WANNACOLLAB !
TEAM WANNACOLLAB!
TEAM WANNACOLLAB!
TEAM WANNACOLLAB
This is the 24,000th rated level
Ok
probably should've been playtested lol
same here, happy to have a part! gl on ur cp! (btw a mod already sent it for feature!)
like = boy  dislike = girl  ingnore = trans (x2 lol)
perfect 9 star gameplay
daily chat here
there is no society where daily chatters are funny
Update 1: made the last part more dynamic and intense
really good level, but I wish this was as intense as the song aaaggh
gg :)
lmaoo i died cuz i couldnt decide where to go at the end
if you want dislikes just go to a guitar simping level and just start spamming #ADVYOUT
i'm fine and you?
Epic, daily and top 100 creators. WHAAAAAAAAAAT?
i'm killing an ant with a pillow
very cool, I love that you are doing theme levels! I wish it was more intense at the drop though.
daily chat is like family reunions the same people talking about different things in the same place
Nice
should i call amogus imposter at 3:00 
_,.-+*^*+-.,_,.-+*^*+-.,_   waves ig
axolotls are sick
Died 6 times at the last ship
Can I stop dying at the start of a level
Not bad
SL=Sluss ATH=Joath (SLATH) ;3
new daily?
Cool beans fella
cohesion could be better, some parts were decent with colors while others were too simple
!!!Thanks Robtop!!! <3
coin #1: tap at 31%. coin #2: go up at 78. coin #3: free at end.
Amazing collab, I hope you can enjoy it. ^^
Whaattt???
GG! All coins! :)
the panda is kinda scary ngl
5000 stars gg!
gg
Really awesome!!!
GG cool :}
Buen nivel bro
awesome :)
WTF!?
Este nivel me encanto, bien hecho :O
Me encanta tu esfuerso que hisiste en este nivel ^-^)
f
like if you came from Partition
whats so messed up is that its characters that you know
Claim your "here before rate" ticket here --->
like if here before rate
like if the person below me breathes oxygen
Like=Donald Trump is racist. Dislike=u like trump. Ignore=all ur progress gets sucked up by dis lvl
1 like = 1 century no school
like if you from video by Partition xD
Learning with Pibby moment
like if you think "like if you came from partition" comments are annoying
Like if you came from- SHUT UP
Great job :) Hope you pass Darwin and your other unrated lvls are getting rated
I hacked this comment so you can't like it
Like this if you came from Partition (/^-^)/
like if you came from partition
like if u think the guy below me is dumb
Like if "like if" comments are overused                                   Wait
like-Password
Pibby recreation
This is fire
Let the based kick
Man beat deadlocked in one att smh
robtop, i dont wanna be like that guy who gets pissy over bad stuff but this should be epic rated
Super fun level, GG! :)
fire
Awesome :)
gg, this gameplay is the best i ever played, i think also new hardest
that ship at like 40% or whatever it is, is so annoying
orb/pad first part sucks, the rest is pretty good
i did indeed let the bass be kicked, hope its okay though, it couldve hurt
very fun cant wait for sigma rocks
literally one of the best demons ive ever played. great job m8!!!
cool level, hit the first black orb late and then the second early in thr orb and ship part
GG! 47 attempts :)
alpha rocks complete!!! This is fire :i
GG good gameplay
GG! :) 66 Attempts! I haven't heard this cool music in a long time, perfect medium demon! Fun level!
one of my new favorite levels
Pretty good level overall but some parts are really annoying
I'm proud of you... My son
MONKEY BALLS KRISZ!!!! :D
a lot of parts feel unfinished, cool colors and pulses though
Like if you like Krisz
GG
xqcL
This is what I call a fun gameplay.
The Krisz Has Been Defeated
watch out he has a lisp
gg guys
Yeah but what about TYLER
Best 2 attempts i spent
I like it, also thanks for reminding me to focus lmao I woulda died at the drop
level seems like a mashup of different ideas idk
GG ^^
YOU DID THIS
GG's. It's quite fun even though some transitions aren't too forgiving.
GG 1 ATT
I like your icons
i love this level, but...
friend told me eric played the level, glad he liked it a bit!
who else is here to see if this got rated because of erics stream/vid?
Like if you saw EVW rate it
EVW sent this to Rob so let's see what happens ;-;
should be 9*
thats the perfect exemple of shit gameplay
100% style 0% gameplay
gameplay make me dying
ive been forgoren
im honored that your first comment ever is talking about how trash my level is
not a 7 star deff a 8 or9
really hard for a 7*..
youre amazing!
me, who has beaten 90 demons, not being able to pass the first section in a Harder level
Like if you saw Evws video 
can't like sorry
good decoration, but the gameplay is a little tricky to deal with
who saw EVW play this level. ---------->
Took longer than expected but overall such a cool level! love the way it flows and style!
I only think when i'm on the toilet
She's 19? Zamn
GG :^
like si crees que soy feo
like si eres hombre
Like y te crecera el nepe
me here
BEST LEVEL EVER
si le das like a este comentario no pasara nada
Finally out! This level is outstanding :D
el que no me da like es gay
like o la chupas
#RateFreedom19
si le das like te lo pasas
.
Like si estas desde antes del featured
guille sacame de tu sotano porfavor
like si tienes pene :^
dale like o eres fan de kunno
cada like es un %
I love it!
suscribansen a mi kanal :elpepe:
coin1. obvious 3%. 2. go up asap at 36%. 3. full robot jump 74%
xaiomy redmi
Rann0x: 68932 cp's soon...
denme laik :VV
14 Cps soon...
GG :)
GG @CreatorAnal, you just advanced to level 1!
xiaomi
i love the song
porque hay un ''ete sech'' en el 50% del nivel?
XIAOMI IS MY PHONE RN..
Clear!
how is the a 3 star, should be 2
clean
5600 stars
nice
gg
  
Normal levels are very rare this update
We miss Evo :( glad you reuploaded this
i really dig this, reminds me of old effect levels.
evonuclear was one of the best effect creators ive seen, will miss his creations a lot :(
1 att gg
I remember when I made this. Thanks for keeping it alive.
Idk what the style of this is called so imma call it xstar7 style but i like it
rly cool ngl
great level actually. However, it's hecking bugged on 144
Woaaaah!
Maizina
4* but okay
Looks great but got bugged at 58% rip. Nice lvl
gg
gg
Fun and easy to sightread... well done :D
gg
1 attempt gg
:l
pretty colors
GG
I wonder what happens if I remove the "L"?
as a duck i approve of this level, +15 social credit
As always very enjoyable to play, well done! :)
I thought the title said furry 
dual is buggy
Was kinda skeptical of those portal orbs initially but overall this is pretty fun!
when i first read the title, i thought it said furry :/
gg 5 attempts, super smooth, love your style :)))
another banger from the duck
gg 105 attempts. one of the most fun demons ive ever played. gameplay is outstanding
Gg! 30,000 Estrellas =D [25/12/2021] Demon #509 :)
8* in disguise
1 att what just happened???
4 attempts. #1556
Very fun!
Dual is Buggy ;(
isi
This is SO FUN
.__.
GG 7 attempts, very fun gameplay :)
Dale like y te llovera sex0....Por cierto muchas gracias por ponerme en dedicatorias <3 
Robert: *z-Z-z-Z-z* ._.
1 like = 1 respect to people that is playing this in the dark
You managed to make me applaud, woah. Something to learn from you, sir... it's a fascinating sight.
 2.2 is Now!!!! ;)
GG
Press start 2.2
brutaaaaaaal, vengo de tu publicacion de facebook, ojala le den rate
love it
#RateFullPower
Jesus Christ, my jaw dropped in amazement, somebody give him the award he deserves for his artistry!
1st Coin: Go over the monster | 2nd Coin: Go into the pipe in the first spider | 3rd Coin: Green Key
#RateFullPower
i still cant wait for 2.2! like for 2.2!
are you robtop??
esta muy "GOOD", como dicen los papus Bv
Fun 
GG esta super chingon 3 coins
hi @Nemsy :D
like if u watched 2.2 sneak peek
This is 6 stars not 8
oh no t heh le  vle e is  br seak in  g wtf yshhsheheebbdg
feels more like 7*
Can we get more than 10 likes to get top comment? (please)
Most easiest insane level i've ever seen! GG!
Nice
:)
funny
Next level will be a solo, which might be my last 2.1 level.
did i just 1 att an insane
life is great
i believe this will get featured
10 att gg :)nice lvl
Oh no, our table is broken
8 att :)
Featured LVL :))
why insane?
oh no our table it's
literally 5 attempts not to brag but i think this should be harder not insane pls no disliek
I JUST ONE ATTEMPTED THAT WHAT THE HELL!?!?!!!!
Ticket to epic --------------->
lit
H E double hockey sticks
hell yeah dude
Like if you knew it was the VSC Song
Oh yea the description was made by Wolfsbane so you can thank him for that
Fun Fact: J
Awesome and chaotic
Really good, sent :)
GG! :)
If you still make vsc jokes then you get no girls bro
we'll kill your husband or your wife we'll even let you keep the knife
1 like means 1 less dollar for jeffery bezos.
If u somehow think this is still medium Im not nerfing it anymore. Just get better at the game.
me when i am in hell
n o b o d y   c a r e s   i f   y o u 'r e    h e r e   f r o m   n e x u s
there no bugs in the last ship - you literally just fly
I nerfed EVERY timing in the level along with the final ship. You guys can stop whining now.
took me way longer than it should have lol, fun level
dub
ta bonito uwu
187,000 Stars, GG! :)
2021 and people still put invisible gravity portals
epic
tremendo
very noice  :))))
7 or 8 star level
Amigo re epico OwO
GEOXOR YES!
we go zoom
Gormuck + MrSpaghetti = KoromiGD
vaya que si es intenso 
Este nivel deberia tener estrellas :D
wait this is only harder??
gg 19 attempts
my phone.. 2 FPS
un nivel muy agradable koromi 
yo it's a feature right here
ta buno el nivel corores    (coromi)
8, no 6 -_-
npuBeT ))
top comments in 2015: Like if you beat back on track
MbI PYCCK|/|E, C HAM|/| bOG!
Nice Level, This could easiy be rated. But the Gamplay really needs to be improved.
Ec/\u TbI Pycckuy, To oTmeTbca /\aukom
Pozdravlyayu! :)
1 like= 1 like
Rysskim privet.
poboT MozheT HanucaTb cuMphoHuy?..
privet :)
Teepab
Only like this comment if your name is NOT jeff
Like if you want the aether mod 
If level contains russian language, a comments will be russian 8)
KPbIM HaLLI !
zdarova zaebal )
esli ruskiy to laik  ->
password: 123555... like it :)
cool concept
GODNOTA!
Great job as always! :D
it was a pleasure verifying this masterpiece :D
Redstone
when the zone is red
Im getting so mad, to the point where I want to play wii bowling WITHOUT THE SAFETY STRAP
Like if this is easier than Bloodlust
uhhhh? extreme?
Fixed the start pos, Sorry for the inconvienence
GG, fluke from 52! ;33 (new hardest idc // amazing insane yo)
extreme to insane. . .ok
Impoder
so extreme or insane
YEEES!!!
Made Some bug and secret way fixes!  Should be better!
True
WHAT. HOW.
babe wake up new KazVA upload
organs
rated!!!
pretty stinky gp
You are not funny bro.
warning to sightreaders: when hitting the blue orb to go back down make sure to hold
i hope you get ebola.
Coin grinders hate him! Learn mini wave consistency with one simple trick!
i hate you
Cool level, sent :)
Mirror portal would make this hell
so funny, i laughed
there goes my 14th streak of beating renn's levels with coins :pensive:
that was stupid
oh you stinky sone of a B...
hold on let me just turn my iphone 4 upside down real quick
shut up saturn 
got the coin legit, gonna try my hand at getting it unverified
I knew that there was a troll so i holded the blue orb, -Smart Guy-
when you go back down don't hold guys 
I had fun skipping the spam section and still getting the coin, thanks!
it's just like a spam challenge but rated
every thing in this level is great and i love the deco but why...why did you put that ending?
nice coin
press for feature                                                                             [here]
:O
Like if you want feature (Also if here before feature).
petition for rate [click here] ========> 
Rate auto RobTop
IT GOT RATED!!! I AM SPEECHLESS!!!
whos not from Nexus >>>>>>>>
thanks nexus :)
I  LOVE  IT.
grab a ticket here before it gets featured)
your a god at animating (like if you agree with me)
this level is so well executed
Awsome!
Like if you came from Nexus
Like si esto se merece Epic
like if from Nexus
I'm in history! Like the comment for epic! :3
imprecionante me gusto demaciado
this is a perfect example of how epic GD is as an animation program xD
dou que buena animacion :0
we are all here before mods come and steal our top comments >:(
Extreme demon for sure
GG! btw almost forgot to mention the pass: 528982
gg 2095 attempts, first victor excluding the verifier and the creator :)
Epic Extreme Demon fs fs
i remember seeing this in the recent tab lol
We are not stranger to love
extreme, and needs uldm
oh wow, that looks solid ngl. good luck with getting rate :)
So cool! 
you know the rules..
Extreme demon. Also, holy shit such a good song replacement
WOW DUDE! This is such an insane improvement from mint candy, which was already really good. AWESOME
you knocked this out of the park man! congratz on your first feature!
i love the energy but its like impossible to read
extreme demon
My retinas... They bleed joyfully
gg
Cool :)
so Am i.
just failed no nut november
6/10
Looks awesome!
el ultimo like la tiene mas grande :V
Awesome mini game! :)
featured!     sign here ------->
amazing minigame Vertuoz:)
Friend: What do you uuse to code your games? Me: its.. complicated..
Geometry dash 2.7 be like :
why this is not epic?
*dies to everything* Game: Good job, here's 6 stars :>
Easy way for coins: At every stage, get the stars and die (never end the stage exept for the last)
Concept is hot
me quedaban 7 segundos que estafa exijo mi dinero
noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooOoOooOoOoOoOoOoooooooooooooooooooooOooOoOoOoOOOooOoOooOooOOOOoOOoOoooO
GG cool level
she's in love with the concept but she is me and the concept is this level
10/10!
Cool mini game but to short :(
10/10 pretty unique
i dont like you moving cube portal
WATAFACK! That cube portal run away lol }:>(
cube portal does some trolling
Who else thinks this deserves and epic or daily?
whale hello there emadeus
cool effects and thanks for the free coins lol
Really amazing! EPIC
Nice
This desirves epic, change my mind
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
gg 
Good :)
why isn't this epic
15 att on mobile, beautiful lvl gg
BUENAAAAARDOOOOOO GG buena decoracion
Que bonita decoracion, sobre todo la inicial.
BEAUTIFUL!! Wow
Pensaba que el nivel se llamaba Azopotamadre xD
GG! all coins
you troll
Like if you hate the last UFO
Cool level with some nice ideas. Gameplay is kinda inconsistent at some parts tho.
Me encanta este nivel :D
cool nicht schlecht
the ufo part just doesent work
loved the small animations
nerf the ufo
aguacate
Ending Sucks
caca
i die at 81% about 10 time
GG! All coins :)
1st coin:23%(ship(up)) 2nd coin:34%(invisible orb(up)) 3rdcoin:41%(wave(down))
but in the ufo only follow the circles
first green orb not  music synced, second coin bug when you enter the next portal
ufo part extreme demon. '-'
that last ufo is far too precise for its own good
The ending ufo is so difficult
bad bad bad ENDING
i forgor
like: Dios - ingnora: Diablo 
Mejora el gameplay mano x,dd, no se si sea yo, pero lo siento muy incomodo =))
GG! :) 6 Attempts! 39900 User Coins! Very fun level!
feo
ggs on the rate :)
Gracias por darme la oportunidad de verificarlo :D
that's some tight ship for a 8 stars rob!!! should be 9 stars at least
I'd really like to see the rest of the level but that jump is really annoying. :/
Mate you should make a demon. This is extremely entertaining!
btw sorry if my english is bad
Demon
pass:069021 gimme ma like
GG... Good Level :D
UPDATE 6: 82% transition fixed ig and the las ufo part deleted
because is not epic worthy
very easy all coins
Esto no era medium? V:
20 attemtps , good level ;)
43 att
Demon
i dont like it
Your best gameplay yet! Hate it!
Why is there an orb timing?!?!?!
Bad level wtf
this level sucks assssss
great s block placement!
bad gameplay
Fun level, some combination colors could be better. Send to mods.
very bad level 
Just awful gameplay
i thought the gameplay was nice
This level has helped me discover how much I HATE slopes
ew shit
this level aint it
Why does a lot of music in this game remind me of me when i was younger walking thru woods or a city
yo how did this level get featured in the first place? The gameplay is ridiculous
terrible gameplay, timings especially
The starting section orbs suffer from horrible placement. 
this level is bad
are yall on acid or something this is so fun to play
Insanely cool! 
they hated jesus because he told them the truth.
I sent this for rate because bizaare called me fat
Gonna lie, this is amazing! Great work :)
gameplay is pretty hard to read, could pass off as a demon ngl
also rob rate this on halloween please ok bye
Massive thanks to everyone for making this possible.
drake the type of guy to surprise his homies with a visit from the tickle monster
9 stars are just demons without the reward of saying you beat a demon
rip the demon difficulty
i hate xz so much
why not epic lol
very ducky
bruh this should have been a demon
broo gmoneys part is SOO freaking good!! 
Ayy ty Rob <3
13 demons is not enough to beat a 9 star
like if you came from evw
how is this 9 stars, this should be easy demon
sick
To make things clear, this level was published a week or more before the tragedy at AstroWorld
ouch my finger
Nice to see a level based on the guy from fortnite!
afterworld  srsly tho RIP to the ppl who lost their lives at astrofest
so proud to be part of this crazy level
GG! 140 attempts :)
cactus jack sent me
cactus jack sent me
GG! :)
RIP to those killed at the festival :(
tavis sot reference
GG 70,000 ESTRELLAS VIDEO MI CANAL DE YOUTUBE :)
this is def hard demon. GG mobile 
Cactus Jack man fella
Cactus Jones
straight up
immaculate gp
He is the highest in the room.
60 att hmmmm...
Cactus Jack sent me
Thanks For Letting Make The Layout!! 
like if u have ever taken a fat sh*t
fix the spider/ball dual bug plz
blocktoberfest
nice level :)
Passcode: 103121. Hope you enjoy :D
gg, would be easy demon without the duals
ayyy thanks for the oppurtinity to be Playtester
super cool!!!
i am the only that saw the "69420" in the calculator?
GG
this level took me a whole mf hour this is not an easy demon
Came from Apex, definitely will be Epic Easy Demon. GP is very soomth with design transitions, cool
This should be medium demon... maybe even difficult easy demon
GG ;) 66 Attempts ;) 162,000 Stars!!! ;)
Not even the funny number? Really? Out of ALL places...
GG :)
very good starter hard demon...
What is wrong with robtop. a featured? this is easily an epic
GG! 193 attempts! This level was really fun to play, it was so upbeat, the transitions were amazing!
omg im f*cking cuming
I can't explain why the first half is so good but then it falls off. Still nice.
where is bts and coldplay i want my money back
:v
:v
I play Geometry Dash to have a fun time, not to go blind:)
like if you had a good halloween and had a candy!
9300 stars!!! +250 stars for 1 day. 02.11.2021
pass 3010
nice as always! flashes were pretty strong though
cool!
huh 1 att xd
Desearia ser mas dinamico xdd
HOW IS THIS NOT EPIC
i still dont know how can people create f..king art in a megabyte sized game...
This song sucks ass
Crazy IV ?
where coldplay
komp i tripped and fell last night and it hurt
I cant see anything
some fun ideas a few things that could use work but generally pretty good
pretty cool
man robtop thank you so much
i like this a lot
great level, one problem, the decoration are cool but the level are slow for 30hz pc.
the transitions could use some work but overall this is nice
I like the boll part
gG all Coins
lets gooo :)
100% gonna be star rated level
700 stars
Nice ! Here at NA rated. I think this could get a fetured
Lovely :)
gg
if this doesnt get featured, i will commit >:(
imagine this in daily section
robtop featur this
robtop dale rate
GG! All coins! :D
nice color schemes
Yall better rate this demon
this level goes so hard feel free to complete
this is insanely fun and i absolutely love the deco, your style is unique and that's awesome
K, who rated this insane demon. 
I love how every insane demon I beat becomes a hard demon within a day.
It is time for the nexus veiwers to invade!
Woohoo first demon rated level :0
This is amazing, so glad to see you uploading and so happy to play more of your stuff. :D
i looooove this
like if you from Nexus
Great work
GG! :)
Fun :)
cant handle that drop
GG! :)
guess the Toads had enough of Princess Peach and took over the Mushroom kingdom.
Very cool level, GG!
Fluked from 39% Lol lmao!!! GG w/c, 50 Attempts! Demon 1,111!
su nivelito me la pelo >:v
Dang I could've fluked from 26% but of course I die at 90%. GG mobile all coins! :)
You just have to tap like 7 times and then go up and down 2 times, kmon bro
you can now play as luigi
Well guys, welcome to the easiest 5* level in the game!
MY CHILDHOOD
Neat, sent :D
Love it :)
WHAT? 5 STARS? ITS 2 AT LEAST LOL
Mario Galaxy :D
Pretty cool
Cool concept really, the gameplay is fun and atmosphere is so cool. Muy bueno! :D
super mario galaxy boss
Prefered Kingfin NGL
i like mario galaxy
Thanks for 6000 likes!!!
love the mario galaxy boss
from Mario Galaxy?
if this was a layout it would be a 2 star
epic bossfight
bro make it so that the attack actually fits in the warning thing, it's actually annoying
i actually thought this was based on that super mario galaxy boss
kto postavit laik tomu vipadet lega v broul starse
kto do reyta syda ->
pass 624153
just a daily harder
Looks pretty nice, but I wish it progressed with the song more
AAAAAAAARTUR PIROZHKOOOOOOOOOOOOOV
just a daily lvl ---->
kTo xocheT BeckoHechNuu yLTY MOPTICA laik
pretty cool
rate tochno
Kto postavit laik ne obosretsa nochyu ponosom
Cool Demon 5*
kto do reita --->
why is this still not rated? awesome level rly
FIREWORK AND ACTURUS AND SLAUTERHOUSE RATED
like kto dymaet hto yroven top i tanet na reit -------->
kto schitaet chto lvl top --->
kto prochital togo zaberet mishka fredde
Very cool
Kto do reita --> i ya sosu hui
Like for NotSVan Dislike for Hackers
bread i know what pantsu means dont be sus
Starts off a bit weak then picks up greatly on creative ideas. Pretty nice.
The gameplay is not bad, but it's a bit boring. It has interesting deco ideas though, sent
hey where's the panties?
top a da mornin to ya laddies my name is Jacksepticeye and welcome to Papers,Please
just did this for fun, coz why not... i was bored
Jacksepticeye?
underrated af
i hacked this commend you can like it twice :)
rate level
GG, my first real user level and my favorite!
este nivel es hermoso
Nice background art
I was just watching jacksepticeye when top of the mornin showed
This should've been epic. The gameplay is 10/10, design 10/10. So why isn't this epic rob?
my phone ringtone be like:
thanks for the watermeloon
GG
I love to lvl :3
thanks for using my song! :)
nice visuals! song is sadly not allowed for use though :(
wait what,song is not allowed?
next daily level ;)
HEY, its mee, insane
 
Jump at 0% for coin route btw
gg :)
2 attempts, nice level
why do you turn into he robor if you jump in the begining
600 user coins GG
first coin is annoying
Nu da nu da ...
I really like how you get the first coin, I've never seen that before
chill level
D blocks
Nice level! I love how the song goes with the level and that it looks so good!   :)
GG! Fun coins :)
yourblevel is always super duper ultra cool
Gg :)
this is kinda sick ngl. i just wish it was consistently good. 
please rate insan demo
electricity
idk what sley is talking about this is consistently good
Great level, GG! :)
ship parts were not meant to contain this many orbs
I had so much fun making my part in this! Can't wait to see it get featured!
GG! 126 attempts, pretty challenging but some of the most fun hard demon GP I've played recently :)
very eipc
well, I expected that
GG 390 attempts!
very neat gameplay and good deco. 7/10!. insane demon?
definitely an insane
amazing
gg 197 attempts should be insane demon
the first ship is really hard but the rest is fun, 445 attempts GG
this is sick
fun as heck, cool as hell
POWER GRID
This was way harder than I expected, still really fun though. GG!
I can send your levels to the shadow realm if u want Evo
@robtop ass or tits 
Thanks for using my song ! It's a pretty good level, transitions could be better though ^^
Not too shabby, it's pretty average for modern but the gameplay is very enjoyable.
thanks for epic!
Definitely not too bad, but feels kinda typical i terms of modern concepts and whatnot. Clean tho ^^
LOL
gameplay could use some polish in a few areas but this is pretty swag
This is one of the coolest old style modern level ive seen yet
U? No, not me, U.
Pretty Cute!
IT FINALLY GOT RATED!! GG BRO!!!
how the f*ck is this not rated
hope this gets rated
wow thanks DreamEater!!!
you managed to create a beautiful level that supports low-end devices. respect.
Enjoy your first cp!
send evos levels into the stratosphere the aliens can enjoy them
nivel
i liked
who else avoided the stars thinking it was spikes?
what if sandwiches were 3d
1st coin 30% | 2nd coin tap at 50% before ufo portal, coin at 68% | 3rd coin spider at 91%
gg 2 attempts. very sightreadable despite the abundance of moving objects
amazing work!
nice atmosphere :) but it's a bit hard to distinguish obstacle and air deco
nice
love this
1ATT POG!!1!1111!111
good level ;)
GG 1 ATT. lol
hot
another fofii banger
i like this style
1 attemps, good level
cool level i like that 
gg 9 attempts 3 coins
Love it. 1 att gg
:)
slightly  confusing but still a great level, - att
Nice one, sent :)
99k
feature this, or im installing hacks
very cool level! :)
GG! All coins, very fun level :)
did you make slanted structures have nonslanted hitboxes
Reuploaded :3
imma play this before rated >:)
Done :)
gg 3 coins
genial!
;V
gg
sent to skrillero01
g  g
gg
gg
GG!
gg 2 coin bc i noob
gg 6 attempts 3 coins
((((::::
GG! :)
Really interesting, I love this :)
Fun level, GG! :)
what is this im bugged in mode practice
good level
I should abuse stimulants
hold up, wait a minute.. ok move on
this is absolutely fantastic, every concept in the level is done really well and it's super fun
thx for the 1k demons daner :)
this level should get more attention it's way better then other xxl levels
3 ezd connected = 1 sleep hdd , so quiet , so peaceful , so drosy  (0v0)
GOOD
A cow that is actually a chicken pretending to be a carrot which is really a horse
sweet
like if u r a dump bucket =>|
You absoulute duncebucket
GG! 113 attempts, this could have been so much better if a few bugs got patched :(
you didn't have to call me a duncebucket just for checking for a coin.
nice :)
Even though this level is good, this song is so amazing that it STILL deserves better. 
omg seulgi power
jonna beautiful
My part sucks..
Too difficult to be an easy demon. Took me 132 attempts
pass 801210
GG! :)
Nice work :3
GG 77,000 ESTRELLAS VIDEO MI CANAL DE YOUTUBE :)
sarangheyo kangseulgi
yeah
wow
So fun
good gp&deco
That song tho,so good. Nice collab :) GG
131 attemps gg
GG
MUYAHO~~~~~~~~~~~~
epic :)
GG
GG! 168.000 Stars! 10/11/2021 :)
Deco update :D
damn amazing should get featured
1 att, nice level :)
hypixel skyblock members: ohno
This level is lit! Haha get it-
ok wrong square game hypixel ppl
230 attempts 1 hour and 37 minutes, I HAVE AVENGED THE HYPIXEL SKYBLOCK COMMUNITY FROM DANTE
Demente...el juego de una mente siniestra (los que son chilenos entenderan)
is this a HYPIXEL SKYBLOCK REFERENCE?!?!??!?!?!?!??!?!?!
GG
Literally huh
Very neat
Hey, dante is that bad guy who was the mayor in hypixel skyblock
/killdante :trollface:
/killdante
ayyy
:U
g
love this
One of the best 1.9 levels I've ever seen.. Good job my friendo :D
Not gonna lie looks very nice if we look at the fact that you've used only 1.9 stuff.
for the third coin skip the orb at 91% (now gimme likes xdxd)
1.9 please come back :'(
Fun level, sent :)
I'm waiting for u Rob lol
@Apple8675 zjedz je ruwno
old times lvl very cool :)
nice
Deserves rate tbh
sequel when
by the way, thanks for giving me an oppurtinity to name this
pog
Not a huge fan of the gp at the drop :/
wow Gg
ale ze 1.9 level featured
Super cool!!
lmao what
GG All Coins FINALLY.
poggers, happy bday
Thanks for everything. 
Robtop rate this lvl or "Mario is going to do something very not legal"
why is fenniks part so hard wth
i hate that ufo
ROBTOP WHY THIS LEVEL OH GOD SORRY FOR MY BAD PART EVERYONE LOL
Really good but i think that good gameplay is more important than good deco tbh.
not a single part in this collab is good lmaooo
THERE IS A SEVERED HEAD IN YOUR TOILET
This Is Without A Doubt, A POGGER
happy this is out but my part isnt at that standard
HEY ITS THIS LEVEL LMAO
damn i wonder who thought this level had fun and readable gameplay
so bad
whoa. That's a lot a people. 2 of my gd friends are in this (Hydro and LongUsername)
10 att in practice ima try tomorrow. By sunday i should beat this
hydros part... oh my.. generic..
Bad :(
Great design but the gameplay is wack
Lmao
Intresting style, very nice but the gameplay is somewhat off sync, too fast. Nice level anyways!
That gameplay at the ship part tho :(
ha ha funny number
GG
theres a glich at 9 %when you hold to the wal
idk how i 1 attempted this seeing as half of the gameplay is covered up but ok
Level for chill!
nice lvl 1 att gg!
level for chill
i had to put it in low detail mode to see
gg
fly to die
gg.
bruh
 
h
noooooooooooooooo
lol XD
gg. 800 stars!
                                                                                                    
gg
Feature worthy in my opinion
Very creative but the block design feels quite repetitive and boss walking looks awkward. Sent :)
Nice design but work on gameplay next time :3
nice
This is so cool! Feature worthy imo
GG! :)
GG! :)
idk how this managed to get me to 50fps even with ldm lol
feature
nice level, would rate 9 stars
cp
Sent to Logon.
Transition need some work :)
rob said no
feature...
laggy as hell but really cool
hot
this is amazing
GG! :) 214 Attempts (On Phone)! Glad it didn't lag at all for me, cool boss! Very fun level!
This will get featured probably. And maybe 10 stars
It is illegal to make sus jokes in this chat.
I dont have a good reason for late daily, but if I did you would be like: "Ye, thats a good reason"
guys read the first three letters of the level name its funny i promise
I forgot that section of Clutterfunk existed
unpopular opinion: the superbowl ads are more entertaining than the game
why does the song say balls bro
i dont care about the first three letters of this level, i care about the 4th, 5th, and 8th
the sus jokes are soooooo funny please keep making them
Y'all talking about baseball but I'm not American lol
why would you put fake spikes in a 5* come on
do any of yall realize this is the daily for valentines
i hate superbowl, like if you would nuke japan again!
robtop just broke into my house and held me at gunpoint he told me he is releasing 2.2 tomorrow
god i hope i have a snow day tomorrow
my mom is forcing me to watch a football game
1st: jump at edge of pad at 16%. 2nd: let go early at 52%. 3rd: drop at 77%. 
electroman adventures song is the one song nobody talks about but everyone agrees it slaps
I hate this daily
Rooting for Bengals to win < Rooting for Rams to lose
Very creative coins!
A wizard is never late, nor is he early, he arrives precisely when he means to.
@RobTop no matter what you say, you are always late lol
[Experiment] Like if you want a creator point
bad level
Peter sent this to me and said: "Dude, this is a cool level, you'll love it". ok that was true :le:
Me and the bois toasting the fish
Dont allow the game creator reach top comment again
gonna leave now, enjoy your toasted pescatarian diets
@RobTop so was 2.2 planned for 2/2/22 all along? (top comment)
If i get top comment i will jump out of my window
most of the parts are auto and it confuses me when to jump
like if im stuped
hat trick
squid game sucks
gg
Also shoutout to Peter for playtesting yet again
Fish Toaster
i ahd a dream that i fell off a cliff and  attempt 2 didnt show up
i beat deadlocked
bizaare is a great creator
yo guys this isnt stolen, i had this uploaded a week ago and someone took it from me 
someone stole this lol. the stolen level id is 77836846
Greg Heffley is literally an incel
say kid backwards and i will make a fart video
bug fixes: being homosexual is no longer a sin | child groomers sins can no longer be revoked
Im going to the store , want anything?
it would make zero sense for me to steal from someone with no creator points lmfaooo
dream sucks thats it bye
God be snickering cuz he knows exactly what happened in the "big bang"
whats up nanny
its fine if you like god. whats also cool? saving 15% or more on car insurance by switching to geico
top 5 freddy fazbear rap battle
IT SHOULD BE ILLEGAL TO INVEST IN NFT
ay
that is the most cursed top comment section ever
i dont wanna go to heaven, i wanna be reincarnated as a home depot building.
imagine being 16yo old an talk to random dudes at 4am in a cube based game cringe
TIKTOK SUsCKS
if you bleached your eyes today like this comment
i watch 360 twerking on Vr
i said big balls right next to my crush on accident today
your crush will like u back now since you have big balls
the vault keeper cycling through his 10 available responses as i type in every existing swear word
Muy bien mi pana
cool. Anyways, 124.73.28.552
what if condoms had those temporary tattoos so when u roll that shit off, bam a dinosaur on yo peen
The quiet kid always has the biggest balls
mexicans are great people
is rob telling us something with all the rainbow dailys?
i dropped my phone guys now my screen looks like the cold sweat wave
"like if daily chat is CRUEL..." some people shouldnt have the ability to make account posts
Like for Coco dislike for Encanto
Honestly furries can be fine as long as they aren't too annoying or barking at people
what if we have been waiting 5 years for 2.2 just for it to be a fortnite collab
Usernames with "UwU" should be ignored from the internet
daily chat is terrifying
5 likes and i will name my hexagon force remake "Nft force"
Like si hablas espanol
like this if u have geomtry dash
the world can't even agree that being an adult and liking kids is a big deal, we're doomed
You guys should open up a real crappy comedy club and call it "The Daily Chat"
With all the RubRub hate I bet half of the daily chat is Fortnite players in disguise
I thought I was gonna be nr 1, you people are fast :O
Im gonna take a reaaaaaal long time with my food
Will rate more + demons after some food :)
Unpopular opinion, older minecraft youtubers are better than current minecraft youtubers
Fun level, sent :)
nice :)
simple and good :)
I have not seen Spaghetti use this style since yesterday
in my opinion i think dream and Kpop suck
hope you enjoy :)
the geometry dash menu theme is the official theme song for arguments
thank you rob :)
i can only imagine rob slowly eating his food while his dogs are just staring at him confused
they should add a report player button
like si te gusta el spaggetti
travis scat
If you think among us is fun then you love watching paint dry
Thanks for letting me collab :)
Not bad, but not a fan of the block design. Some block looks like an orb.
wtf is this style so confusing
i plan on adding custom objects toggle when i have time, sorry again. please like this so people see
This is a type of level where you don't know if a block is an orb or an orb is a block 
Nice work :D!
Nice
Stop putting pads in your portals WTF
The level is very comfusing...
another reason why simplicity sucks.
fixed secret way thanks :D
Imma be honest I think this level just sucks
just added a custom objects toggle. i had to leave the pads that way in the spider/ball to stop bugs
bro i cant tell whats an orb ._.
Too confusing, but the level looks quite nice
thanks everyone :D
this is the most unreadable shit i have ever played
this level sucks its unreadable the blocks look like orbs
1.Circles 2.squares 3.triangles 4.trapezoids 5.rectangles and [squares again] 6.zig zag thingy. GG
better put a custom object imo
OMG! have a bug
muy bueno
work better on the custom backgrounds and block design , not bad after all :)
LOL for a second I thought if this level was hacked or not because the start is straight up empty.
i need to get top comment because my mom said so
coin 1 = touch all the green glow in the first cube.
The Title Of The Level Is My Chances Of Geting A Girlfriend
1st coin: 3 green roofs to touch. 2nd coin, key in ball then coin top of ufo. 3rd coin invisible orb
this legend made rainbow blocks not disgusting
Hardly does anything with the song at all and not much variation
this level is very fun:))
wow rly fun and site readable 1 att
excelent!!!!
nice
should have been star rated and really unpolished. not my cup of tea
cool
1 att
So fun to play! <3
nice 
AMAZING LEVEL
So good :D
very buenisimo
coin 1: jump at the beginning coin 2: at the top of 3x speed wave coin 3: free coin at the end
rip funnygame he got a headshot
HOWWWW
im an idot
Dedicated to, Nemsy, Neutkat, msm12, wentex, Manaaos, Arrownote, xBrot, steechgd, blochyy, DivideNick, Felixtron and everyone here
Mr Incredible Becoming Canny
i will turn new zealand into new zeawater
Gg all coins.
daily chat is strange bro
Roblox is shit
My name is Walter Hartwell White. I live at 308 Negra Aroya Lane, Albuquerque, New Mexico, 87104.
Fun fact : "Schuss" means "shot" on german
im in math class and i got handed back my test and i instantly gave myself a paper cut so brb lol
....Deadlocked in 2050.....harder
oh no :( ive been called fatMy life is now in ruins
tiktok and twitter, the two social media sites you should definitly stay away from
Fortnite sucks
mobile games ads be like: only 0.00000000000000000000000000000000001% of ppl can solve this riddle
geonetry mab is the funniest level insulter
coin is copyrighted
awesome!
There should be an 8-Bit Gauntlet :)
yun for top 1
Lexip = pixeL
like for daily
Cool vibe
this is sick
here before feature.             who am I kidding this probably got rated while I was talking.
RobTop plz rate this level
Que recuerdos :')
things that we need: pixel icons and animations
this is how gd would be if it was invented in 1996 on nintendo 64, great level yunhaseu.
like if like. dislike if dislike. ignore if ignore.
i sense pokemon in this song xD
gd in the 80s
#YunForMod
yun is only 1 cp away from passing zenthic and becoming #3 on creator leaderboard... actually pog af
lol this is awesome
2.2 WILL NEVER COME OUT (NO)
Dislike : Kunno | Like : DhrAw GOD
Esta increible!
bro robtop gave a level called fruity dreams daily, it's gonna be a pride festival
Hello im SusTop.
Daily q
why are australians upside down like bruh just use the blue portal
FOUND IN RECENT WHAT???
shut up harrypoggers no one asked
"i dont need girls. i only need geometry dash" corny
I'm in a bad place ;-;
from 4x speed theres no improvement, if the song gets even more intense you just stuck there
dislike if im hot
Like and i will shut up =l
ok but your mom caught you daily chatting with not one but TWO femboys who can't contain sexual desi
bug in 70%
if you drink ketchup by itself you are a demon
the level is really beautiful, it has good animations and colors, sent to mods
like if you want to beat level
stfu lushing
political mfs will ask me "source?" and all i tell them is that i have a bomb
c???? c?????????
yeah i reuploaded this
spam at 94% to get the coin. XDDDDDDDDDDD
the coin isnt free, its just easy
cada like a este comment es una persona que quiere a sus padres :)
bruh coin moment
why everyone sayin gg 1 att at some easy f level wut?
Hasta este nivel tuvo rate mas rapido que future funk 2 xD
Mom Said Its My Turn To Get Likes
NOOO
1st Coin : Free thank me later :3  lol
gg
._.
YES
like si perdiste intentando agarrar la coin
frick
VAMOSSS YiYi!!!!!700 monedas :V
nice
? cccccc  ?ccc
i count that as winning
yooo what thats fire :) thanks for using my song
Who is calling me right no...wait what
HOG RIDAAAAAAAAA + Ratio MRT
I can't believe you got this done in only TWO DAYS... Incredible work, glad I could help a bit :)
@everyone @here i'm gonna ratio mrt, go to "Go Live 1" vc here: www.twitter.com
Please don't let this be the third hog rider top comment in my level ;)
@mazing
DUDE SECOND EPIC AND DAILY LEVEL LETS GOOOOOO
Who else came from Nexus?
Like if xXCiro1816Xx is a big-time poo head
like si hablas espa~ol
Banger level splinter keep it up :D
Wake up imaginary babe, new splinter banger!
@everyone
like if you are a average GD player
Sick as always
good work i like it ! sent :)
legit thought someone was calling me on discord
here from nexus
Warn: Splinter25. @ everyone in #general again will result in a instant ban
Awesome and fun level, I could see it getting Epic and Daily :)
rip epic :(
MY STUPID TABLET THIS STUPID GAME I HATE THIS LEVEL I USED TO LIKE IT I CAN'T FEEL ANYTHING BUT RAGE
new message from angry birds
Fun gameplay!
i once heard a joke about infinite time, i never heard the end of it
I love this level so much will you marry me
the id 77777777 will be real in 7-8 hours
i hate racists >:(
well, at least its daily :)
Did you know you can drink lava? But only once
Guys i heard a joke about sodium and hydrogen!! NaH is way too bad...
hi daily chat
i miss when gd wasnt popular it was way less toxic back then lol
epic chat
only degens use snail and scissor ship combo
Hydren my beloved
Very fun :)
rob could say a comment, delete it immediately after and get top comment
awesome gameplay man
2 star and 3 star are basically the same thing my lungs are filled with pavement
chatophobia - fear of daily chat
i dip my oreos in water cause my dad never came back with the milk
cool levek but 187.539.87.92
wtf y la coin
reminder to save your data
1 coin: at the ship part, in the top of the room there is a red ball, pass thought it to get it.
my bad
sorry i give up, logiking hide the coin in his ass apparently
i'm looking for the coin for 30 minutes :/
i love deleting likebegging comments
dude i passed thru a red ball and stilm didnt get it
where tf is the coin
cool level i eat small children
i love indonesia
daily chat uses words not even webster has discovered
epic lol moment
la coin????
One of the most difficult coins ever, couldn't figure it out without a guide. GG!
I kill people
Like this comment to waste 2 seconds of your life
muy bonito osi
Really nice atmosphere and relaxing!
PRIMER FEATURED DE ESTE 2022! Vamos a por mas juntos <3
 
before rate ticket - ------------------>
El glow es hermoso, la cancion es presciosa, sin duda un nivel perfecto!
OF COURSE
Wtf so bad
hermoso nivel amigo ;)
Omg broooo
Muy bonitoo~ uwu
OMG AAAAAAA LOL
Nice!
Like = Memories Dislike = NIGHTMARES
gg
1/11/20 tas bien? bro
like if you hate all the "like if you" comments
GG!!!
Me gusta mucho tu nivel uwu :)
please playtest your levels more
my friend was surprised i beat blast processing for him in 1 attempt
TIME FOR 69420 DIAMONDS
a mod could cough and they would get top comments
1 like = -1 furry
bad gameplay i think? overall nice deco
GAMEPLAY IS TERRIBLE
My mom wasn't present at my birth
like if you dont have a bf or gf
do any muslims still play this game
furry sex
Unenjoyable, buggy gameplay. Overdecoration. Not fun.
Among Us fans when their joke is forcibly milked to the point it isn't funny anymore, just move on.
like if you are a teenager
Description translation: Another level finished, hope you guys like it and thanks for playing :D
Hola 
The problem with featured creators these days is that their deco is fire, but the gameplay horrible
fun fact: tomatoes are not cars :))))))))
got banned on roblox for 1 day for posting an image of a guy biting a piano. what did u do today?
hi daily chat :)   #45
40 cool points, thanks y'all :)
if you yell "BALLS" in your bathroom 37 times at 3AM, a creature called "mother" will kill you.
why are yall trying to get top comment, robtop already commented
Lol I got the funny number
if robtop adds organs to gd icons  they would all each have a   gd colon
cream eater
i am a man, yes
everyone at school had to walk through the mud with their white air force 1s
40cps that's hype
hey dream wanna collab
i eat water
wrong kinda football but thanks for your input
report bugs and stuff
Imma make a extreme demon and EVERYTHING is rainbow
clear!
the pass for this level is
awesome rob says one word and disappears back into the shadow realm
Do you wanna build a leveeeeeeeeeeeeeel
jamal jamal jamal jamal jamal jamal jamal jamal jamal jamal jamal jamal jamal jamal jamal jamal jama
Can a mod comment ban rob, it would be good
I could go for some Doritos...
wanna hear a joke about this level? nevermind its too cheesy.
like if youve ever eaten a dorito 
claim your before rate ticket here
youre really good at level names
el ultimo like la tiene mas grande
goodbye chat
"my dog died yesterday. like if you agree"
@Jackzo0n Are you enjoying your 4th birthday? lol
Nacho libre
like if you think this should get rated
people who say "like if you are breathing" are just desperate
OMG TYSM FOR DAILY :0
twitter users will be like "i hate big corporations" then watch encanto, produced by disney
Who else likes Doritos as their favorite snack?
what if manny heffley is dating susan heffley           I should delete this comment
like if you want the next daily to be easy or normal
Really nice, the second half could've kept more of the rainbow colors though. 
Every comment bot in history: sUb To MoHaMmEd Ja KaLeM nOw1!1!1!1!11!1!
nacho taco chimichanga
EPICO PAPUUUUUU!!!!!
The sync is really cool!
im liking it but the gameplay is hard to read
GG Epic :D
The gameplay is a bit annoying but great work guys :)
pass is 008989
joder que pro
grande jiques
i love this lvl, is amazing <3
That's Insane Bro!
nice guys!
claim you ticket before daily here --->
trash gameplay
me hice pipi
some copied this level and got feautre
a really well made level
 que giga-pro >:]
Ill try to beat this!
can this be the new daily?
level design is pretty buggy
if this gets top comment i will swallow a lego brick
claim your "here before someone asked" ticket ==>
#YunHaseuForMod :)
like for yun dislike for covid-19
hi
guys i swallowed it and it hurted a lot 
We are stronger than dislike bots! The more likes this comment, the more damage they'll take! >:)
if this gets top comment I will swallow a whole DUPLO brick.  Now THATS worth it
Coins : 7% , 45% , 84%
if this gets higher then the lego brick comment i will die at 99% in sakupen circles and say amogus.
dislike bot....disgusting
Like for YunHaSeu to win 1st place in creator leaderboards! You get closer every day!
Cmon guys we are stronger than dislike bot!
ouh man dislike bot
petition for YunHaSeu14 gauntlet -->
like this comment if you think this levels bad. and if you dislike your mad cuz bad snd no one loves
man this is not 5 stars, at least 7
woah look who it is
Like this post for this to be daily
I JUST TOUCHED A BLOCK AND IT KILLED ME
coins: 57% go down in wave and 2nd coin free. like so everyone can see
nice dude, when is this daily?
Good effects! :D
A WILD DISLIKE BOTTER APEARED!
hot take jacking off is more athletic than some sports
Nice :)
dislike bot ;-;
;-;
For some reason this level feels like those high tech toilets you find in japan
El nivel esta demasiado bueno, no dejes que los dislikes te bajen el animo!
i died at 100%, pls fix this bug, literally unplayable
Sorry (hi for my english)
cp stands for club penguin
racism against white people is real
How in the world i died here?
is kpop and starbucks the cause of white girl disease
all children deserve parents but not all parents deserve children
repost if you support beating the shit out of fur.ries and pe.dos
say fortnite and every 8 y/o in a 10 mile radius will come to you like flies to a hard candy
no looks like that one dorabe challenge
GG! 181,000 Stars! 18/01/2022 :)
Oh no! 4rcO decoded my secret language!
the recent tab can be a nice place sometimes
Pass is 142536 pls like
like if you dont have Covid-19
Congrats Spagh on 181,000 stars! :D.
i can confirm that roleplay is not funny
the danzmen vibes here are making me so nostalgic lol
Using "suicide" to get attention is a sign that a you're extremely childish.
kinda ez for 7 stars.BUT KEEP THIS DIFFICULTY
There should be an extreme demon daily on april 1st and an auto weekly
"thanks for making yoshi210 think about having suicide" phrased like suicide is a diner menu item
1. coin - collect 3 glass in rocket   2.coin in spider before last portal go up
another day of thanking martin luther king for giving us a day off of school
i'm not picking sides but i did get my vaccine and i haven't started spewing blood from my jugular
actually, almost all among us related jokes were never funny
Anime titties are mid
inkling if it makes you feel any better i actually died of covid just last week
and now this song is stuck in my head 
Sonic and obama kissing simulator is the best furry game, change my mind.
Will check demons when I get back from gym :)
guys         i saw robtop in the gym              he has a 40 pack
Like for RobTop, dislike for Dream --->
Pretty cool, sent :)
FunFact nothing is on fire but fire is on things
awful dual gameplay
petition to give robtop a gym in his house so he can work out and work on 2.2 at the same time
ROPTOB GETTING BUFF THIS IS OFFICIAL LOREEEEEEEE
IM SO HAPPY :D THANKS ALL FOR THE SUPPORT LOVE YOU ALL!
I like the energetic side of this level even if it's so slow, well :)
i can play never gonna give you up on a piano.
i want among us to burn in hell
1st coin: At 94 late click black orbs. 2nd coin: jump around 96~98%
Guys, im serious, my pet rock died, 1 like equals 1 prayer
Belastet man, you always surprise me with such unique colors and designs! epic
I am not a furry :(
DO NOT USE THE CAT ICON AT 3 AM (ROBTOP STOLE MY WALLET)
my pet fish drowned ;(
ratatoullie
10 likes and i will leave daily chat right now and i will only come back in 2023
i cant see anything
phonk
meru the succubus 
gde dupstep
song name gave me a heart attack
Ahh yes, Phonk. The sound I hear when my grades go bonk.
Cool level :)
Jump over the last yellow jump pad for the coin @ 96%
suck a bus
Nakonez phonk priniali
im gay
"I can't see anything but it looks cool" -Robtop
id be pissed off if my level got epic then un epiced, rip man :( sorry for this
phonk eto moya jizn blyat
add more contrast between the background and foreground
why is this so cool?????
epic logo zadumka top realizatsiya 7/10
hate dis so much
POV: who turned off the light?
Effect :0
repost if you are excited for 2013
Its my birthday, :)
Underrated creator here :D
i enjoy chewing on various electrical cables and wires
popular Geometry Dash youtuber "juniper" yells the word "balls"
i saw amongus
Hazme un hijo jezzel!!
repost if dreamphobic
hi hypno
Gonna be really honest, i did not like this level. at all. 
i pee in my moms bed
lukhash song moment
Password is 291006 like so others can see
GG
WELCOME TO GOOD BURGER HOME OF THE GOOD BURGER MAY I TAKE YOUR ORDER
advy is playing genshin impact
removing likebegers is a good idea
This is my last goodbye.                                        Dinosaur
i love it
but one thing thats worse than furries are dream stans
awesome level i came and shat my pants
Coin : jump by 24% immediately after gravity change
Certainly interesting.
love this one hope it got rated :)
fixed the bug at 93%!! sorry about that!! 
Why no epic rate? This deserves more than just a feature!
SUPER comment
Wentex popping off man, keep it up!
STOP HACKING WENTEX
*CRAZY level
Have you taken a moment to consider that people still need to see shit?
GG! :) 20 Attempts! 41700 User Coins!
bro this is epik
ok
LMAO
my eyes
awesome level !!
fun fact: if you play this after dinner the level would be renamed to supper level
Music cool! 24 att gg
not dumb :)
RobTop HAS to release 2.2 on Febuary 22 2022 at 22:22.
when i was a child, i was a sauce potato
cool level i am rude to women
when i was a sauce potato, i was a kid
when i was a child, i was a sauce potato
length is 1 min 44 secs. chat be nice pls
When I was a child, I was a sauce potato
when is was a child i was stupid
solid gameplay brother sent !
Coin 1: Get the key by not using the dash orb. Coin 2: Go up in wave near start. Coin 3: Outta chara
pass is 69420 :D
when i was a child, i was a sauce potato
you're right      school is really a 12 year prison sentence
@akvaz
veeery fun, nice job :)
4-spike: The brutal equivalent of a 3-spike jump, most commonly used while running at 2x speed.
its my birthday today. (Jan 9th)
when i was a child, i was a sauce potato
when i was a child, i was a sauce potato
your gameplay is always really good
Like if your here before epic :)
i like trains
Sweet
I agree with DreamEater
I agree with MrSpaghetti
I agree with Gormuck
to get the coin, you must jump to 2 question marks that are at 15%, 36%
ill eat a tide pod if i get 10 likes
si car es Auto y men es Hombre entonces mi tia Carmen abusaba de mi cuando tenia 7
my childhood consists of jumping cube
now i have the same amount of stars as year of release date!
this isnt childhood. wheres the tinkertoys? and the minecraff enderman that still scars me?
I will do something stupid if i get 1 like :}
my childhood: go to scamwebsite.exe for free robux!
*dies of fall damage*
round sulpur cannot hurt you. round sulpur:
CHOO! CHOO!
Like if this should be epic
wait thats not my childhood
Cool!
ill nerf the level tomorrow, i was drunk while building most of it lmao
did you know that the creator of the first demon EVER, demon park, was drunk at a bar when making it
imagine being drunk at a bar with friends then you pull out your phone and start creating a level
why are your levels always so unbalanced
>get drunk >builds feature >refuses to elaborate
if this gets 12 likes it will be my most liked comment!
50 likes and ill microwave a fork.
i celebrated too early :(
20 likes and i will eat my math notebook
why do people care about likes so much like "LIKE THIS COMMENT NOW" and then everyone likes it
Like if you came from Wav's level: brain freeze
GG att 912
pass: 919391 now like ;)
undertale. now give me top comment
I legit found this in the recent tab yesterday (Look at the oldest comments if you dont belive me) and the next day its rated
wav always uses solid tunes for his lvls
claim your here before rate ticket by liking this comment:
wow flucked from ~30%
i never got more than 3 likes please like this comment 
Thought this would be an Undertale related level for some reason. Good level though ggs
The small details make the difference! Great level :D
#Rodtopratelvl
Coin 1: 31% Up Coin 2: Collect All The Mini Coins At The Mini Ufo Coin 3: 86% Skip The Yellow Pad :)
doubled down on my old 2.0 style for this, so hope it looks good 8)
like this level
music size:6,66 mb
YOOO THANKS ROB 8)
featured or epic?
It's not rated because it literally JUST CAME OUT. Robtop aint Thanos Lol
really cool :)
very cool and very spooky
nice level and feature-worthy
This is why i love gd awesome easy levels <3
woah this is amazing
i dont know why, but its featured, when its worthy to be an epic
Cool Level, Deserves to be Featured :D
pretty unique stuff here, i dig it
gg. nice level
Perfect atmosphere & incredible art. Loved the 2nd coin.
1 like = 1 day without school
You know this will be daily tomorrow. Mark my words.
CALLED IT
Coin : 41% jump in the air before u enter the dual portal
dazzling
Finally someone uses this song
I can sight read blocks on a screen in 1 attempt :)
smooth
hello! i am new to this game! what is this place?????
dislike dogs / like cats
oh mb
Coca Cola o Pepsi?
im still creating lol
rudolph the redpilled reindeer
dipzza
i mean i am under 5 feet if i get on my knees if you are into that
geometry dash players gaining the urge to be a pedo
like if im dumb, dislike if im smart, ignore if im a big brainer
HarryPoggers
would u punch a Toddler for a dollar
if the first bg reminds you of among us crewmates then im sorry for you
awesome
Thx for Daily Rub ; w;) <3
pass: 951529                                               now like -------.
I enoyed it a lot, neato level :D
rob should add the auto gauntlet in 2.2
i farted
<3
like if you not a hacker 
hola Lings!!
every year i look at myself from 1 year ago and think "wow i was really stupid back then"
i keep acciedntally dislike.botting my own comments wtf
@llj Jars of piss
hey give me 50 likes l bot :(
hi
guys, i ate a Taco Bell and my stomach exploded. Is this normal? :/
LIKE BOT THIS SO I BE IN TOP COMMENT (I dont wanna be band)
; w;)
guys i think i farted omg
Tylev I'm really sorry to hear. I hope you feel better soon.
How i like bot guys *Get band*    (banned)
 me encantaaaa
Claim your here before featured ticket     --->
Same here, sent :)
Cool level :)
Buen trabajo brother
thx so much everyone for support nwn/
Pretty cool level, a bit boring to play though but still nice, sent :)
gg, rate normal 3 :)
?
gg
GG!
h
how tf is this not epic lmfaoooo robtop
owo
How this isn't epic
cool!
Nice Level!
GG
Awsome! but really laggy on mobile devices. over all really good.
Hold on! This lvl is so epic!
I beat every rated level of 2022 gg
only the first part make me confusing and very hard gp compared to other
me : jump on arrows. me again : *dies*
The Gameplay is Demon
The beginning has the most cancer gameplay
The worst sh1t i've come across in a long time.
The gameplay looks like it just came out of a toaster oven left on overnight.
3 likes and I will buy everything in the shop
I'll have these pink orbs in my nightmares
like if this level has worse gameplay
Amazing, I cant believ I had the privilige of finding this is the recent tab! :D
This is fun wtf, you guys has skill issue
Good deco, bad gameplay. Also guys bad gp doesn't mean its hard, just annoying or not fun.
Atrocious gameplay, a shame because the decoration and song are actually good
didn't see any awKsaWRd gameplay, just a bug in spider part and visibility problem at the end
Lag,bug,gameplay bad->89 att.Worst Level
GG! Awesome deco but extremly akward gameplay :^
the gameplay part is bad
They say simple and easy and I say memory extreme demon.
Does the ldm do anything?
Happy new year everyone, hopefully 2022 will be better haha
too hard to be a 5 stars IMO
this took me 81 atts, this is NOT a 5*
this is a kinda a bad level
*2022
why are so many creators obsessed with narrow gameplay lol :|
They got helmets on their head, but i got a watermelon instead. I get ladies in my watermelon merced
Dont put two portals in one portal. I thougt i was an upside down wave.
when 0022
ibreally like the styles used and it pulses well, but the gameplay is just annoying
def not a 5 star, pretty bad gameplay, decent deco tho!
F*uck F*uck f*cking stupid lvl
35K downloads
Well...This level should get 6 stars.
Fixed the 82% timing :)
10/10 decorations but cancer gameplay for a hard
bruh how many blind transitions is there
also found my name in the end block designs, thnx lol
This should be 6 star at least
fix bug at 82
pingas 4 pongas
El nivel favorito del Diego
pinga 
Pinga? *modo setzo pecmitido, primer aviso* :v
ping4s loc4s
epico, el titulo es la comida del diego
Sorry, my bad. Reset the lvl guys
los gringos no entenderan el chiste XDDD
JAJJAJAAJAJ esto de los nombres se salio de control XD
Siguiente lvl: wow tilin
pingas *existen*  el diego *donde*
a tu prima le gusta como se llama el nivel
Pingotas
gringos: que buen nivel latinos:  p3n3
el nivel del santiago y diego
Diego Moment 
p-pinga?!
Password is 980038 :)
pingas
el titulo me llego al alma
if this update doesnt fix the wave im gonna cry
Like if you watched Spongebob
wave part is very bad, good level tho
Coins: 37% (fly down as you turn little), 49% (a secret way to the key), 82% (press 3 times)
found this in recent. wtf
waiting for "like if you thought the song was press start from subzero" to get 300 likes
very bad gameplay oh lord
if there is one part you dont like u dont have to be like "bad gameplay" and "level suck"
wave part is amazing
@8BitFudge, nothing is wrong with the wave, just people not used to upside down wave perhaps
Creator clearly had alot of passion for this level. It looks really nice. All the haters can shut up
Why do i always think about MDK's song when i see Press Start?!
i asked a genuine question and got disliked i hate it here
This the 7777th rated hard level!
hate coins rout
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Pass is 002222 :) Like please
why does this level have so much hate its a good level!
I beat the lvl while smask my spacebar with my fist
if u find any bugs can u message me pls? desperately trying to fix this rn xvx
The only bad thing about this level is that its to short. Nice job :)
stepbro I'm ...
Nice!
this is definitely gonna get daily
really fun brother sent !
Que pro Baanz B)
i knew a girl called emily i think she got diabetes though
So Cool Bro Epic 
Epic level bro :D
otro epic? puede ser pa?
the perfect level doesnt exi-
dislike if im good at gd
Incredibol baanz B))
Step sis are you Stuck?
ok i sent "youre the opposite of medusa, you dont get people hard" 
RaTe ePiC ThIs lEvEl tO GeT YoUr aSs lAuGh
BOOBS!!!!
That song shouldn't slap as hard as it did
que epico los efectos!1!1!1
we know you get all the ladies jazz no need to shove it around
Happy New Year everyone! :)
free coin at 62%, now give my like before this message have 2378 copys
like this and 2022 will go your way
The Shadow Realm wishes you all a happy new year
Yo, imagine that 2.2 will be released in 02/22/2022
I'm not sure why you reuploaded, but OK
Each like means one more year of geometry dash           ------------------>
if this gets top comment i will eat my usb
GG FIRST DAILY LEVEL OF THE YEAR 2022 :)
The coin is located at 63%, you have to jump up as cube when you're transfering from ball to ufo.
Have a nice year :)
HAPPY 2022
if you're reading this, congrats for surviving 2021 :)
I love your stuffs
Like this or you will die on 2023
challenge: read this comment (you won) claim your prize ---->
I dont want drama, i dont want a gf, I dont want a bad life, I just want a normal life.
2022 prediction: i will get another level into magic
i just want to thank all of you for being my friends and sticking around with me
gg 1 coins
r34
(6x9)+(6+9)=69 no cap
if you liked any of my comments i wish you a wonderful evening
like if you died at 69%
Sometimes recent are pretty good nice level :)
HAHAHAHA FUNNY NUMBER HAHAHAHA 
timings in a 4*?
Come on Rob it has 8 sends
im actualy going to cry of how bad this level is
#WeWantSecondSneakPeek
LIKE IF YOU HATE FORTNITE
14k stars.
...
THE GOOD NEWS IS, WHO ELSE EXICTED FOR THE YEAR 2022?!?!?!?!
i do not play among us.
say "me" if you have common sense
at 69% you hold down the button, like if this helped
Alright see ya guys! this is my last comment from 2021 :)
Hooray I get a ps5 for my birthday
This has gotta be one of the shorter dailies in GD history
wanna see sumthin impressive? my butt hair is so dense my diarreha comes out as pure filterd water:)
5 likes and i'll delete my sisters instagram..
if 2.2 has a among us icon im throwing my phone out of my window
this isnt a joke please help                                                         pass is 232323
like if tiktok is cringe.
Coins? Dont tap Orange Orbs in 99%
i hate people who fake disorders on tiktok because they think it makes them special
nice
1 like = 1 rip
Me: i FINALLY found a good song for my level, i can't wait to use it;  song is not allowed for use.
no problem :)
i like to eat vaccuums. repost if you like to eat vaccuums
Finally, I beat, now I can escape Daily chat
yoo GG on the daily
Worst level of 2021, I suggest you commit suicide.
"heroin isnt a drugs its a feminine hero" i've been snorting wonderwoman this whole time
4y4 thx
i need to learn spanish so i can understand comments that mention advystyles
EPIC!!!
10 likes and i will eat my tablet
beee :3
sweet as always
oh my god the bees are so cute
If this dosen't get epic I will throw a brick at RobTop.
I wanna be the bee
like for  bees    dislike for wasps
Petition to make GD Rewind 2021. Like to sign up >
i love it!!!!!
Cute
so cute <3
Song slightly reminds me of Kirby. Great theming as always, love the honeycomb parts :))
IS THAT A B REFERENCE!? o_0
Minecraft version: 1.15 
Your levels are so graphic its amazing!!!!! *like if you agree*
Cute bee zone <3
with custom objects on i cant tell apart a mini portal and a ship portal xd
Adorable level
happy new year
B si fuera un hard, good level :)
me never watching 2 girls 1 cup and living a relatively happy and carefree life
im pretty offended at how well done that trollface is
for those who are reporting secret ways: there is a big barrier at the end of the level
Nice taste in music sir!
nice level, its full of memes lmao
nice
AMONGUS IN 69%
Detective film
Henry stickmin and trollface makes this level brilliant
GG :)
gg 2 att SUS
read my name and see...
this is a certified classic level
So many bugs...
Bagel
.-.   :I.      ._.
blue sus
nice level bro
cool level
pass 342872
I really like the design plus the references are nice
plz dont like this my phone will ring ill get in trouble
I can totally see this getting daily, nice work :)
Cool beans
Clean modernistic level!
anyone who thinks that Wyoming is real is lying to themselves
who LIKED my comment u are nice
coin is on my yt =)
2nd half could be a bit better, but still awesome!
if you go to sleep without checking for me in the closet you may wake up in the middle of a lake
daily chat will never be normal
Like: Geometry Dash. Dislike: Mario Maker. Ignore: Fortnite.
#WeWantSecondSneakPeek :)
nice as always, regu :)
crocodile twerking
like this comment and ill eat my x box
this should get epic.  very unique and good design
kinda falls off at the end, but not too bad overall
ajaj trump gay!!!!! happy 2016 guys
I should probably stay away from this chat if I wanted to keep my brain cells :p
first few parts are eoic worthy
Muy bonitooo :3 gracias por la dedicacion o.o
Really nice! Sent :)
Merry Christmas  :)
Felices Fiestas! <3
Good level, sent :)
coin 1: tap the orbs at 5%, 2: tap the orbs at 43%, 3: tap 2 orb from finale part before level done
really good christmas themed level , sent to rob !
Feliz ano nuevo! y el que no de like es fan de Kunno xD
Cool
Lovely
hermoso <3
I can't see anything
I couldn't see sh*t but ok, I guess nice deco, but very unimpressive coins
No tengo palabras para esto.. es simplemente perfecto. Feliz Ano nuevo chicos ;)
I cannot see
mejores deseos para todos, excepto a los fans de kunno
>w<
pretty nice :)
GG! All coins! :)
nice level! i like the deco however it's a bit hard to read at times but it's overall fun 
Robtop said the chicken was in the oven :(
christmas levels in south hemisphere be like
I never knew Bossfight made a Dubstep Reggaeton song
the long awaited sequel to preheat oven to 425F
this is so good
btw the song is so cool props to bossfight
False. The Chicken is right here.
this is lit!... wait... is something burning?...
Yoooo, that was epic :o
oven
why is there obstacles in the oven
The transition to the drop is freaking COOL
this level is sick
I just got the Achievement "It Burns" from beating this level LMAO!
BOSSFIGHT IS LOVE. BOSSFIGHT IS LIFE. BOSSFIGHT IS LOVE. BOSSFIGHT IS LIFE. BOSSFIGHT IS LOVE. BOSSF
thechickenisonfire
amantes de una nochee
The Oven? You mean The Microwave
this is so damn cool, best themed level ive seen in a while. why not epic?
gg fluck from 49% 
is this a krisking reference
JUST A WEEK AWAY!!!
im going to say the n word      nintendo
quite the silly level
Feliz navidad amigos     ^-^
1st coin 24%: hit the big blue orb late, 2nd coin 56% hold on ship like for people to see
KrisMas is in a week
LIKE = MINECRAFT, DISLIKE = FORTNITE. 
just a week away
christmas :( KrisMas :)
congratulation robtop for not late daily. you earn a gold star!
hello daily chat
krismas banger
my balls itch
KrisMas
give me onemillion likes.
petition for 34 to be new funny number
Lol actually means league of legends
how tf did I die in the air
smh like my mom said "they are just mean" like no shit mom they hate me and I HATE lush and spamton.
really bad gameplay
Guys guys, the song says Balls
can i put my bells in yo jaws
happy christmas. jesus bless all gd players :)
gameplay made me question my sanity but the effects and deco are pretty cool
Whanky gameplay
like if cheeseburgers remind you of butterflies
What is the point of the enable custom orbs trigger? It litterally just makes them fully opaque :/
bad gameplay but good decoration, 5.3/10
weird gameplay
My apologies about the gameplay! I rushed to get this out on Christmas. I will do better next time.
JAMERRY CHRISTMAS
who else was able to ride on top of the disable flash and custom orb triggers?
wow this is terrible
levels like these make my level look bad lol
aaaaaaand. i see where the 7 maybe even 8-9 star game play kicks in
this level suuuuuuks
garbage gameplay
gg
im sorry but this gameplay sucks
Woah... its... Draganix?
who else watched the whole series?
Who remembers when Wulzy said this will be 3*?
claim your "before rate" ticket here
Like to vote wulzy as best youtuber:
only true wulzy fans would know this was originally called Gausome
Gausome, Not Gausome, Gauntlit, Gauntlet Rush
Very cool! :)
If this gets more than 15 likes i will change to Wulzy icons until my mom buys me a ps5
Only people who watched all the episodes from the series can like this comment.
Who saw all videos from this series? LIKE! :D
ohh i get it its the fire part because it sets your computer on fire
merry christmas everyone, hope you are happy with your presents :)
like this if you watched wulzy making this level :]
Only people that watched the full series can like this. Where u at gang???
WHOAH! its wulzy's BEST level
like if ur a TRUE WULZY FAN and watched the series
I actually really like it, good job bro!
like if you are a true wulzy fan)
this level is gauntLIT
Merry Christmas everyone :)
level named after me thank you
100 likes and i will eat my cristmas gift
i like men but no one will see this comment
imagine chilling in the living room and then  your son plays blast processing on speaker
very nice, happy holidays!
gregory, do you see the small vent on the floor? have you ever heard of amongus gregory? i need you
Merry Christmas everyone, I hope you have a great time <3
i secretly like to twerk to lil nas x songs but no one will know because there are too many comments
merry christmas too u all hope u get a beter gaming device for christmas
NFT owners when i break into their house and break their kneecaps with a baseball bat
Who Else Thinks Santa is Real
after 25th of december happy new year guy hope the covid die
I know this is irrelevant but today i beat my hardest demon after 2 months :D
mobile gang but I won't like your comment
#bruhthelag
since all my comments get ignored ill just say i love you <3
leaving the chat for the night, but all i want to say, is that i hope you all have a merry xmas ;)
Feliz navidad
if women are not real so ur mom is not real
i approve of this level name
I died at 99%, but there are too many comments so no one will know.
Outstanding work! This is one of the best levels I've seen this year :)
nice demon
22/2/2022
not bad gp but a lot of the ship transitions are jank
I found a secret way. At 26%. (Please Like)
3% bug fixed
CoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooL
if i get 5 likes i will use the cat icon for 5 years
REALLY good
no more bugs pls
Medium Demon
im gonna be honest, i kinda hate this level
awesome level, I love the gameplay
g's
this goes HARD
really cool!
(Rebeat) GG! :)
Uff men! ya se te extranaba :'
Amazing level, love the colorful 2.0 vibes
this wouldve been iconic in early 2.1
fun level
f*ck you mbed
Very fun level, sent :)
Thanks to ShakeoffX, Matobia, and IGyr0I for playtesting <3
i think everyone got scared of the hard demon rating that hardly anybody played it in the weekly lol
who said that decode ufo is good gameplay? it's not :v
this will get easy demon in few days trust me
don't ya'll think this is too easy for a hard demon? or is it just me?
Love the look, but the gameplay is kinda bad.
(weekly) Demon 2203! =GG= 1 att for rebeat!
already one of my favorite levels of 2022!
GG, medium demon or easy, very fun level :>
68 atts - got really unlucky with this. I think this should be an easy demon 
thanks for getting leaderboard banned for beating a hard demon robtop
great, another unbalanced easy demon
you never stop impressing
Really awesome! Thank you for letting me playtest :>
Enough gd for today
merry christmas and a happy nea year
time to sit back, relax, and watch a bunch of 8 y/o fight for a pointless comment with yellow thumbs
i am gd snow
Santa is currently in the north pole praying as he destroys his toilet after all the milk & cookies
people that hate animals shouldnt have the right to an opinion
gg all coins last fake spikes scared.the shit out of me lol
Electromechanics (Harder) (3 coins) 100% by charismaticman | Geometry Dash
2 likes ill eat sand
fortnite
what does santa suffer from when he gets stuck in a chimney? claus-trophobia lol
too bad michigun couldnt be here this xmas :(     /\/\/\
omg that last spike gave me a heart attack! 1 attempt less goooo!!!!!!!!
ok niobiumgd can i eat you to solve overpopulation
exterminate dream stans
imagine disliking coments on christmas
WOAH I BEAT SARY NEVER CLEAR
GUYS LAUGH ATMY JOKE JOE,AMA
Comment flagged due to hacking
I LOVE MY PARENTS AND YOU CANT TELL ME OTHERWISE THEY ARE MY FAMILY
1 like  = i eat burgers.  10 like = i eat worms.  100 like = i eat money$
Merry Christmas!
Awesome level, sent :)
Very good level as always :)
your creations have been on point recently! keep it up :)
i cant follow my dreams while im going 1000000 mph
THATS AMAZING. EDOOOX IS THE BEST CREATOR EVER
this is beautiful man, Merry Christmas! :D
GG!! 2 att
wa
gg 1 attempt Merry Christmas!
nostalgic song!
Awesome! Merry Christmas! :)
really awesome lvl! should be epic!
Its insane how much you improved at creating recently, awesome work! Also merry christmas :)
gg 1 att
oh new level!!
:)
gg
gg god level
Buen Nivel Feliz Navidad :)
who up playing they level
hatsune miku would be proud
who else is here from viprin?
i am up, playing they (my) level
This is my first Christmas in GD Merry Christmas guyss :)
screw your fake ball portal at 80%
pass is 122539
W level
Fun level, GG! :)
Really good level, sent :)
that sync :aaahhhhh:
easy or medium demon and featured!
mikumas is better than christmas
30 attempts. #1598
to anyone who reads this: I hope you have a merry xmas <3
password?
crimas :p
cool demon, 23 att:)
Happy New Year!
this is so bad omg im rolling
garfield you ate all my lasagnay
zylsia rate real :0
look garfield. It's the fabric of reality.
i hate this level | sorry for bad opinion
i don't like the gameplay, but the deco is neat. sent for rate
thanks for making the gp more playable
thanks for the reminder
Super annoying
unreadable
nice level. gg :)
"LasagNa"
gg really cool :)
the gameplay is terrible and not even original
I honestly love it so much, and it plays really well i fluked all the drop, surprised its not epic
no sooooooooo extremely hard
Anxiety is just conspiracy theories about youself.
"lasagna"
very awkward gameplay...
mario has done something VERY illegal tothis gameplay
I love Lasaga
this is approved by a non-moderator
Wav makes the best readable 4x speed gameplay
very fun and polished as always! there's missing jump indicators from 90-95% though, you put them everywhere else
Finally a new 9* level that isn't bullsh*t
Very fun :)
freaking wave
Great sightreadability! Especially for 4x speed, i managed to beat this in 1 attempt ;)
can't spam fast enough on mobile rn, but its about drive its about power after all
pretty easy and fun minus the ball spam
holy wow! a fun 9* level
easiest 9star?:D
GG!! 
One of my favourites now :)
Mouse goes:  BBRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
Definitely one of the best 9 star levels I've played. It's great because it doesn't feel like Demon.
i feel like the wave is an easy demon and the rest id like 6 stars...
AINT NO WAY I DID THIS ON THE FIRST ATTEMPT
9 star?
satisfying af
easy/meduim demon wave?
A bit confusing, but pretty cool
this is surpringly hard for an 8*, but gameplay is incredibly fun and satisfying, keep it up!!!
glad to see another 1.9 map rated
you cant sightread (you cant sightread)
this was interesting... didn't like the transition into the slow part tho, it's too sudden
my brain is dead
AMAZING LEVEL 10/10
gg
Omg... Im 2st it is leaderboard
i cant see anything
What a good level
great level, but def not an 8*
GG really trippy level
GG! 52 attempts
beat it in 1.3x Was even hard.
sus
super fun and satisfying to play, love it
VAMOOOOOS 742 ATT GG
La mitad del nivel es terrible y la otra mitad es espectacular xD
9 star
Will do demons later today
Rating spree has ended. Returning to base
Coins: 1st, dont click the green orb at 12%. 2nd, collect mini coins at 24% and at 31%. 3rd at 95%
the lack of visibility is annoying
coin 1 - don't jump green orb 11%, coin 2 - get 3 coins in 24%, 30%, 40%, coin 3 - jump in 95%
peppa pig + salt = bacon
geometry dash
gregory, do you see that vent? i need you to crawl in it, gregory, to escape.. wdym "thats sus"
balls          do you agree - - - - >
I hacked this comment, it says NiobiumGD at the top left.
THIS IS SO COOL
AeonAir reacts to the BEST xvideos videos of the year!
how to walk: step 1. step 2. step 3. Continue this and youll master the art of not being a baby
petition to stop likebeggers <- - - - - - - - - -
hi guys :D sorry i dont accept requests through gd messages, it gets annoying to keep track of
i LOVE men
harry potter and the battle of the transgender community
this is laggy, does my pc even handle 2.2?if this get 200 likes imma buy new pc
Like for mobile
like if i should change my name to TheUnseenOne and dislike if I suck and will never achieve anythin
Like if you watched Spongebob
alguien por nexus?
take your before feature ticket --->
I know nobody will see this, but Happy Holidays to whoever does! :)
beautiful level :)
THAT WAS AWESOMEEEEEE!! so fun to play too!!
Epico :O
really hope it gets rated and featured :)
Epic level! Merry Christmas and GG 3 coins ;)
Like if robtop should see this :)
Alguien mas esta aqui por nexus?
I chose invincibility, and proceeded to die instantly at the next part
password?
Nobody cares if you came from nexus -_-
Like si vienes por Nexus xD
i want to see it daily 24th
like if you are from nexus
Tristemente mi alcatel no aguanta tanta bellesa 
i literally lost 20 minutes of my life figurating how to get the coins
i wish everybody who reads this the best Cristmas ever
muy bonitooo
feliz navidad amigos geometricos! :D
MUCHISIMAS GRACIAS ROBTOP! <3
Bonito nivel <3
gg! first coin- key at 4%, coin at 23%, other 2 are easy to find :)
GG BRO INCREIBLE NIVEL!
Dedicado al Chuchito XDD
3 coins y feliz Navidad :)
gg, playing xmas levels for this night, 6:40p.m.
GG 10K STARS!
me encanto, muy buen nivel 8)
Gg!!!TopNum169:)3Coins
Feliz Navidad!!
gg
Feliz navidad :)
Looks nice :)
Gran nivel Joath156!!!
el regalo de navidad de este creador deberia ser que este nivel tubiera featured ;)
FELICES FIESTAS A TODOS
!FELIZ NAVIDAD!!!!!! GG ALL COINS
i cannot download a 66mb song sorry
Don't worry about the song, i'm gonna use it more, so those 66MB are not wasted ;)
why did you- why- why a full god damn album as the song
ship gameplay sucks :(
66 mb song
omg the song size
Congratulations on getting your first Creator Points!
GG's. Really not a fan of these unpredictable movements. Makes it a little unenjoyable. Neat level.
Good stuff. :)
this is terrible
nice effects
Nice
evrybody gangsta 'til 66mb song
Congrats on ur first CP :)
GG! Wow! Very good effect. Congratulations for your first cp.
longest song in gd
10 att gg fun
epic
very cool, gg!
66.49 MB?
GG 1 att
GG 1 att
GG -1 att
I can't touch grass there's snow outside :(
Gg 1 att
whats grass?
Such a beautiful level!! I almost feel like uninstalling Twitter and taking a shower
why are you so good at creating
i couldnt touch grass i have failed
new extreme for genshin players
@Heda Bye Bye
when is the quest to take a shower, it's harder then touching grass
i shed a tear
imma name my next level "yo edibles aint shit" try and stop me >:)
GG not 1 attempt
WTF a daily level with actual playable gameplay omg
society if elder mods were required to sign the bans they give out
I want a robtop body pillow
the name of this level is directed to all those stargrinders out there
@CatAtKmart I blame you for my next level now
Just want to point out that you can slide on the wave part. The blocks won't kill you lol.
Coin guide: first coin click in 6% and go above the platform, second coin: 28%, third coin: 96%
GG! :) 6 Attempts! 40900 User Coins! Fun level!
sent ;)
:)
daily
Amazing, this is going to get rated!
I forgot the existence of D blocks in the wave part and panicked
Congrats on the 10 cp LLJ! Really deserved. Was fun to collab with you. :)
where exactly at 96% is the third coin
Looks very clean, I like it :)
chill :)
Wow gg on 10th cp! You are amazing creator and i hope, you will get 20 cp soon
the styles seem to conflict with one another so work towards creating a more cohesive project
I like how calm this level is
GG! All coins :)
gg on mobile, good level!!
solid level :)
:)  cool
nice trumpet in this music! (i also play trumpet)
WOOOOOOOOU
this has so much energy, good stuff!
probably medium demon
New most favorite level in the, gameplay is insanely fun and the deco is also great! <33
i beat this quicker than most medium demons
fluke from 57
no i cant, banger level tho
Very fun level, GG! :)
demon que me pasare luego
god
UFO into Wave transitions are just painful.
GG! :)
nah bro 
too easy for a hard demon
GG! 4 attempts :)
GG, 21 attempts =)
Great level!!!!
i love this level but omg i HATE this level. 1499 atts sefjisefjiosfjiowsejipo
Amazing level! I had a lot of fun with it.
49atts no practice, so much fun sightreading
noice
like if you almost died at 97%
Top comments: Like if you almost died at 97! Me: .....
1st coin: 57% (up); 2nd coin: 90% (skip yellow orb); 3rd coin: 97% (free). GG
fuk you
NO
GG 3123 STARS! | + COIN
bromita
incredible!
next daily?
GG :D
like if you die at 97
Sweet
!-;
good
GG!!  1 coin :)
gg... ?
funny :)
rate plz
i will NEVER get cp
banger
How do people get so good at creating like wtf
RATE SO FAST
good level
I always love levels with this type of song :D
insanely buggy
Fast rated (1 hour)!!!
Like: monke. Dislike: monke. Ignore: monke.
epic! the level is very interesting and has a unique style :)
Why did you have to end the level like that lol
Effects are insane but there are blind jumps so that sucks
pain has no reason to exist
Insane
mark has mastered hiding his shitty gp by making half the lvl dash orbs over gay effects
alot of smooth gameplay i like
Hey What's Wrong with the LDM?????
RUB Rub :0
Cool but extreme lag
My poor laptop could apparently not handle the full detail version lol
GG 450 ESTRELLAS en un dia mi mayor cantidad hecha en un dia 19/12/21
cool level i am racist
the voices of dying anime girls grasping for breath rings in my ears
maybe geoxor makes the vocals himself. we'll never know
An average of 800 lobsters crawl into the average male's mouth every night
Coins! 1: miss gren orb, hit black box at 3%, coin at 7%. 2: key at 21%, coin at 38%. See next for 3
geoxor songs be like *cough* *cough* *wheeze* i have crippling bronchitis  *wet fart* *moan*
Coin 3: miss yellow jump pad at 63%, coin at 65%
so fun
I doordashed condoms because im too insecure to buy then at the store
spider orbs before 2.2
heard a kid say "when i grow up.."  it was just 70F in December today u aint growin up lil bro
ban reason: your comment was funnier than mine >:(
how to get instant hate in gd: spam hate and insults about michigun
super mario brain cancer 64
El gato es para geis y morras toxicas, fin
hey eddie smith are you still having sex ive been hearing moaning sounds for months waiting for TWC
fatrat is also one of the best for sure but hes definitely not underrated, deserves his popularity
My mom is literally in the room.next to me its dangerous
Spider orbs? Creative.
theres jo onion rings, im reporting you for false advertising
not bad, some gameplay could be better and the pulses could be less painful on the eyes :)
Awesome
Nice one, sent :)
Good and pretty fun, sent :)
niceeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
wave easy  demon idk
i LOVE this
Quedarme hasta el final de los creditos :D
GG's! Very nice level! Your designing is super clean as well! Thank you for the dedication btw! ='D
GG!!!
baanz tu the coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool
escuchame una cosa pedaso de remil hdp
Salgo...
AAHHH yEs I friggiN jumped
Re epico mano, 10 de 10 y gracias por la dedicatoria:)!
nice lvl
GG!
5000 stars!!!!! GG :D
Marry Christmas :)
QUEEEEEEEE 
5 stars? I think not...
Lovely level  <3
this aint no 5 star
Nice level.
rob rate softlargeist
Now that was a pretty darn tight 5* lvl! But thanks anyway! Awesome! Much love from Finland! GG... 
...in some moments, same cbg throughout entire level, which also moves in opposite direction
10/10
Felt more like a 6 star ngl
6 or 7* way to tight to be a 5*
gg 1 att on mobile
:)
 Hello World!
i love seeing people with cp beg for rate
idk... this is unreal... hope it will be rated soon
3700 stars! the ship parts are tight but i guess they balance out with the easier parts
Cool colors, but there is a lot of soapy glow in blocks, also 3d is incorrectly observed...
gameplay is SOOOOO CHILL
when cp people beg for rate and those with 0 no lol
cool to see your style again 
i just beat this level in the shower :)
2022 is probably going to somehow be worse than 2021
yeah
i like how th rainbow syncs with the pan flute, nice work
Coin 1: Hit the two boxes at the very beginning. Coin 2: 43% bottom. Coin 3: I hope you see it ~98%.
here is kelp        you can decline this offer if you want a comment ban
gd mods are just discord mods in disguise
So silly
Astrology accounts will be like "just libra things <3" and its just them eating a bagel or something
if you " try " to get top comment you're weird
princess peach is NOT attractive
i dont speak french
deco 10, gameplay 0
this level is so good, love all the color combinations and the player color usage
what happy face looks better: like= :) dislike= :] i just wanna see what you prefer btw
yes
ggz kale & krit
who is daily chat
lol! look at my global rank :()
my Raboot evolved o-o
Awesome work
Also available in: the App Store and Google Play
the spacebar stops working midway through for some reason :/
El ultimo en darle like la tiene mas grande 
Like if here before rate
That was interesting. :)
Interesting minigame!
When you realize that Geometry Dash has just became a game engine
cool minigame!
yo
i cant shot
Like if you are from mobile x5 :(
729
1024
Very creative! Should be in App Store Google lol
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Roptop za Ukrainu!
demon
hey thats me
how do you get coins anyone?
What an incredible gameplay :D
The decoration is great, but the drop really could have used some playtesting.
this is the tumba ping pong song (this is also a banger)
sorry man, i dont usually comment this, but the drop here is insanely buggy. pls playtest a bit more
GG! #1882, might be medium because unreadable gameplay
fun!!!!!!!!!!
I Am So Good At This Game
christmas! just a week away!
how the heck has nobody else done this yet, i literally cant get past this part
Why is everybody using this song now?
pass is 909084
GG! :)
"fun gameplay" WDYM???????????
gg 266 att. Sry, but this level is bad. Deco is mid, but gp is not fun at all.
Actully got more fun the more I played it. Very stressfull 2nd half tho GG :)
they just be turning every medium demon to an easy demon now huh?
trash hard demon
i hate it :(
GG 3600 demons! :P
The Gameplay after the drop is very poor and hard to sight read
Demons after food :)
like if your on mobile
Very good level, sent :)
first coin: collect mini coin at 22% jump at 34%, second coin: collect mini coin at 49% free at end
cant complete my device lags on low detail mode :(
Really nice level! Sent :)
Ayoo this is good!
i hate spanish teachers who barely know english
i hate tiktok its cringe
Why is the comment section so weird rn?
Va re lagueada la wea esta
the daily chat is like alcohol. you want more and more but you want out of its misery
like if you dont have a girlfriend
The password is 111221 :)
dislike roptop post for a cookie
featured + Daily
youtubers hitting 12 subscribers being consumed by the urge to groom children
Modern levels are only hard because of the confusing decoration
Daily chat sucks
i like daily chat for some reason
muy bueno 
Neat fonts and good gameplay!
THANKS ROBTOP <3
Really epic level, thx for the decication :")
Look! Up in the sky! Is it a bird? Is it a plane? No it is a Joath level
15.000 usercoins! 12/12/21 ;D
Ta epico bro:)
Me encantan los fondos, pero necesita un mejor LDM
thanks for lagging the shit out of this level right at the end,its very nice of you
Geoxor GOD
how is no epic?
GG featured! <3
HOLY MOLY
very unexpected drop at the end but fluked it first try somehow. nice level. :-)
muy naisss :)
 
Epic lvl!
wtf 1 attempts but lucky
dude i clicked
m i x m o o n
not fun
I have several questions about this being only 5 stars
Tumba la casa mami
coins: the real key is dropping at 13%, coin is at 17%, second coin is jumping at 91%
Why are 5*s always so hard-
Who am i?
100 likes and i will teach my teacher to dap me up
messi
10 likes and im eating underwear  and this is a mess
me activo torre
dont you think its funny that he said. who are you?
27k stars 8)
burro
Mess i
gg hard
I'm pizza
gg all coins, cool level!
unsynched parts?
one attempt, skill issue comment section
The title totally fits with the level
very very very very very epic
This is super unique, love it :D
awesome level but way too easy for 9 stars
YESSS so glad this finally got finished!!! i love this level ahh
insane level
Unnamed H(e)ntai? :0
Very awesome, this was a fast rate. :D
h
brutal and i love it
Finally out! Practice recommended
Well deserved epic. Love the ship part especially
why are the "unnamed" levels so good?
<3
tbh it felt easier than 9* i would say is an 8 but the gp was cool i enjoyed it
this is too good, unreal
awesome
1st coin: hold at first jump   2nd coin: big jump at final jump of 81% cube part then go up
this is incredible
Unnamed H(e)ntai :0 
I finally found the 2nd coin, GG :D
Finally... good deco but, bad gameplay :(
GG 497282 ATTEMPS FIRST EXTREME DEMON
this gameplay sucks!
57 att, ugly gameplay
nunca te rindas , con esfuerzo todo se puede conseguir!!!  GG y muchas gracias
i dont think i should be spending 52 attempts on a harder 6*
Bad gameplay.
GG! but horrible gameplay but it does have cute deco
Terraria??
Glad that Terraria gets some love too, not only Minecraft
Horrendous gameplay! :)
Deco is sexy
los taimings son estresantes pero es bueno
bad gameplay
GG!! Good Deco, Bad Gameplay
this gameplay is ehhhhh
F pc and mobile
muy bueno
its terraria
ok
YOOOOOOO
Could be even better without custom stuff and without a 30 min endscreen :) Sent 
Hot damn this is goooood af. First cp? :D
This is awesome, nice job. Good luck with your first CP! :)
coolio
Cool
Neat level, not a fan of that super long endscreen though
Pretty good!
P chill
Neat
gg! crot
nice level
Ayy this finally rated, gg on ur first cp broo :))
yoo! i was not expecting anyone to use my font! thanks so much!! also 29.4k stars
wow thank you for making amazing map using my song!!<333
wow
Really good level, everything looks great! :)
Good one but end thing is a bit too long I think
great
Nice! Thanks for the dedication :)
Sure lets do a few first cp then demons
All I want for Christmas is RobTop to release 2.2
really fun level! congrats on daily :)
9 year olds after expecting to get more likes than the creator of the game
My brother rickrolled me. Day ruined.
Number 1 tip for Gd. DONT TOUCH GRASS
if cringe was a clown.. tiktok would be a whole circus
my mom tried to fart one time and she couldn't and she cried
Like para que Chayanne lo vea
wtf robtop changes her icon
Like for Geometry Dash, dislike for Fortnite
hi guys
How do you even know about the amount of genders, life isnt about that. Its about drive its about po
now i know why i quit daily chat
person above me poop pants
one like =1 milion bilion trilion kids savd
LiKe ThIs CoMmEnT iF yOu DoNt HaVe A lIfE1!1!!1!1!
Theres no genders
person above me likes balls
1 + 1 + 1 + 1 = 4
i know this is irrelevant but I reached 1000 stars today :D
ZAMN! Shes
like=69+ social credit dislike= - 69- social credit ignore=69420- social credit.
OMG ITS DAILY
like this comment if you didnt win bloodlust
Imagine if instead of releasing 2.2, Robtop will just release 2.111
Its always "Demons after food :)" why cant it ever be "Demons before food :)"
If you guys didn't know, my Geometry Dash username is Gayish
pass is 069420 pls like
rule 18: any among us jokes must be disposed of properly and the sender must be executed
guitar should be in prison.
this gp makes me want to go to mcdonalds and ask for a whopper
This is the comment help. You're welcome.
lgbtq is gay (comedy)
when you want to take a break from extinction but then you find this level
the rap fandom is dying repost if you love raping
Ja polowe liceum spedzilem na robieniu swojej pierwszej animacji w GD ;)
useless key is love, useless key is life
no polskiego poziomu jako daily sie nie spodziewalem XD
anything can be a weapon if you try hard enough
coins: hold at 0%, don't touch at 20% ship, and skip last portal with the wave at 96% (up)
Sent :)
i completed 3 quests and 1 achievement when i finished the level :)
nicely execution sent :)
I love the vibes
wish i had a brother like that :)
nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Very nice level =)
ey
got the last coin by accident
Cool
GG with all coins
secret way at around halfway
1st coin: Hold at beginning. 2nd coin: On very first ship, stay on ground. 3rd coin: at top of wave.
i like some of the movements :)
1 att somehow
Thank you all =)
Vibrant & beautiful... Just exactly how I love it... Thanks so much! Much love from Finland! GG. 8-)
wow if me and my brother made a level together it would look like my dogs puke
GG 12 att
whoever balanced this needs to get fired
#Advyout
alein
balanced like it was made by a challenge player yet somehow still not worthy of top 150
who the f*ck balanced this?
I hope, with the most respect, that whoever balanced this gets stung in the eye by twenty wasps.
If you like this comment I will steal a dollar from my mom everyday
Pass Is 088888, Like So People Can See This!
Reach 100 cp and link your twitch to your gd profile, your stats will be s m a l l
gg
Have you... Ever heard of "Balancing"?
sector 19 more like covid 19
Wdym?? I was just abducted yesterday, Id say they were quite friendly.
gg brah
covid 19
every like on this comment is one insane demon i have to beat
not another sillow extreme :(
Nice level
this sucks
making dual ships heavier is the dumbest idea ever
this is my new favorite level
Me gusta :D
I don't know how I feel about that qr code.
this is actually pretty interesting
backroom
this is fantastic
Dont do drugs kids
why the hell is this not epic rated this is the most original thing ive seen in a loooong time
LMAO THE SNAIL PICTURE
coin route: Grab the keys at 13%, 34%, 38% the coin is at 47%, really cool level
awesome
this is actually amazing
how do you even make this you're so good
me when I'm peacefully dreaming - My brain: "What if.."
nice level. one small issue. i am inside your home
the backrooms
Like if you want sleep this nigth
i think the epic rating got lost in the backrooms somewhere 
Robtop should make a feature whenever you fall upwards out of the map you end up in the backrooms
WOW! this level is so artistic, i love it!
WTFFFFFFFFFFFF AAAAAAAAA YESSSSSSSS RATED!!! ENDLESS story is FINISHED! My oldest projects!!!
10 likes and i will dab!
IT TOOK LIKE 5 HOURS FOR THIS TO GET RATED
1st coin: grab the heart at 3% coin at 14%, 2nd coin is down at 54% and last coin is free
gameplay needs work, and it fets quite repetitive. im a fan of the block design tho. not bad!
I see that you guys are having some trouble with the wave part. Ill fix it soon
Bruh, the saws are pretty much invisible
Yo this rabbit hole is E N D L E S S
the fun is infinite...
cool !
gg
if this comment get 20 likes i change my icons
All Coins!  :3
2 Coins Like this level a lot! GG :)
nice, gg
GG All Coins.
nivel mas bugeado que el 1% de sonic wave Kappa kappa deaaa BINOOOOOOOMOOOOOOOOO
I found this by searching recent levels that are star rated
GG Nice level but it's SUPER hard to sight-read
Love the level! But please don't add indicators if their going to be inaccurate. 8/10 :)
Let's go
@RobTop 101.98.728.1
bro insane level my guy
hi
dio culo
Day 6.
Day 7! That's a whole week!
Day 2 of re-sending this in hopes it gets rated.
I'm glad that wave transition got fixed. Now it needs just that feature.
la burla, la comicita' del cubo, il ridere, con un fragore assordante, il beffeggiarsi
Day 4 of the same thing.
the pronounciation of this name is literally *ass* in spanish
Day 5.
Day 8.
oh reuploaded. Should be featured tbh
lesgooo
FINALLY
epic
congrats on first cp
Sin la "E" el titulo seria XD
Take all my money, fantastic atmosphere
Fun fact: In Australia, root means... the f word
Pro tip: dont die at the UFO part in practice mode, you WILL regret it
my roots are weak                                                                                 :(
This was a weird but calming level. its a nice break from all the  chaotic madness in other levels
The music is cover from an album called The Glow Pt. 2 by The Microphones - we highly recommend!!!
i hate that coin lol
Like For A Hug :)
This is certainly a level
15,300 stars, gg
very strange but hey it works
this is awesome
Hay un Secret Way en el 50%, puedes pasar free hasta el 72%, aunque si sigues mueres en el 92%
omg omg omg omg omg omg <3 <3 <3 yes yes yes yes
hi parti :=
wasnt expecting a microphones song on GD
GG =)
ta weno
gg :) 
wow, how is this level so good?
love the flow and sweeping curves!! so pretty
coin: go up at 59% 
lol level 40 seconds
123 123 123 123 123 123 123 123 123 123 123 123 123 123 123 123 123 123 123 123 123 123 123 123 123
El nivel esta tan coordinado que hasta el porcentaje avanza al ritmo de la cancion XD
DE UNA!!!!
damn this level tom cruise short
GG 2938 STARS! | + COIN
This creators understanding of tempo, as well as making the % sync with the bpm of the song is godly
this level was so beautiful
those things in the beginning are smoother than butter, its honestly addicting to play the intro.
levels like these inspire me a ton to just create for my own enjoyment, i love this level
there is no easier level than this
GG!!  1 coin :)
oh 60k orbs at a time
you're so pretty
Get to 1k likes!
el dolar sequel
GG! Awesome atmosphere:)
Gg!!!TopNum159:)1Coin
This is bonkers
AMAZING LEVEL!
nice
I love you, too u//w//u <3
:3
I love you too! :3 (I'm Lisoplane)
This level is portal abusive, Like if you agree
Like if you want to know where your icon went
Remember kids, if you need to tell the player when to click, you've made bad gameplay.
it may look good but it has a terrible gameplay
MY PHONE,MY PHONEEEEEEE *ka boom*
wow this is actually really sick!
like this comment if this level is anoying
get this comment to 10 likes so it can beat my most liked comment
GG! :) 175 Attempts! 41,000 User Coins! Your best work, collected coins without using ldm, liekd it!
no idea whats even happening
Design 11/10, Gameplay -1/10
gameplay:1%            auto:99%      lag: invisible 100%
like if you did not understand anything in the level
lag: *exist* this guy: "i'll take your entire stock"
Report any bugs as always. Going to bed now
Not bad
<3
Everyone use the power against Bizzarre, use Black and White colors!
this ratio is very fun
very fun
Coins at 38%. First Time you fly over the cube portal and then at the 2. att you go the normal way:)
:(
I never realized up until now just how many people use black or white for their colors
yeah sorry dream you ain't winning this one
Remember, f'(x)= lim h-> 0 [f(x+h)-f(x)]/h
YOU SAID SLIDE
Nice one :)
?
Currently very fun to play, good use of colors :fire:
the derivative of the ratio is 0, just like the number of people who will like your comment
HIDDEN ROADD
Integral when
20.000 UserCoins. GG! :)
big step up from the prequel
like = boy   dislike = girl   ignore = trans
here before all the 4 year old like beggars start saying "like if"
2nd coin: 81% jump to the edge of the plataform and don't touch the yellow orb
imagine getting killed by your own gameplay smh .-.
we live in society were pinapple on pizza is not normal
nah, not gonna try to get top, c ya later
gd snow
Very Nice Collab! :)
oh yeah the pass if you miss it is 041221
like for GD dislike for fortnite
Remember when back on track being an extreme demon was a meme
ok deal, if this comment gets 20 likes, i will eat toilet, ok?
percy then grows legs and proceeds to kick thomas's nuts
5 likes and i start exposing daily chatters
the block design is so slick!
robtop level tier list: f tier: clubstep   s tier: every other level compared to it
Whatandwhy Comedy is subjective, meaning some may like it and some not, and i just dont like it
@kez if thats true then what would you do if you saw Jesus in bed with your mother
the longer youve played geometry dash the less likely you are to have a good social life
Kez is a horrible explainer of Christianity lmao. I'm literally Christian I disagree w him entirely
@robtop 135.29.294.5
this is like one of the coolest levels i have seen in a while, great work you two :)
outskirt epic
HOW DID THIS NOT RECIEVE AN EPIC IM SO MAD
beautiful level
amazing
outskirt epic
outskirt epic
honestly speaking, this should have received an epic. Regardless, great level.
no epic?
give this epic just like you did with pink sunrise i beg of you rob
Nahhhhhh how is this not Epic
how is this not epic
at last!!!!
incredible as always! :)
Epic Duo!
rob done goofed up this time
So good
Lately Robtop has been rating unfairly, this deserves epic. I understand you dude :"c
no epic? robtroll
grande pab
Wow found this in recent tab
OMG!!!1111 :0
transitions could be better
the gameplay is a bit.. questionable?
what are these transitions
Weird gameplay!
bad GP, sorry 
Gameplay needs work, but neat stuffs!
really good
wow good level is Epic :3
EPICOOOO
rate worthy?
I LOVE THIS LEVEL IS SOOOO COOOOOOOOLL <3
:GatoPendejoAvr:
Que genio paaaaaaaab, quedo legenario
que pro el pab
 
ESTO ES HERMOOOOOOOOSOOOOOOOO!!!!
the effect are aweome ! 
Wow, this level rocks! I personally think it absolutely deserves at least a star rate. :)
had a ton of fun with this, very simple but effective design
This is pretty neat, I like it.
Fun fact: People at Chernobyl thought vodka protected them from the radiation and many died
Thank you Robtop
nice gameplay
This aint insane. its medium demon
i love the atmosphere so much ahjhbfabhfhashfashvbfhasjfjvbsaf
Found this on Magic tab but saw this on a Reddit post before, really nice! :)
Like for new daily level!
VICCES VAGY BRO! HUMOR!!! GG A RATEHEZ TESTVER
I saw this level on reddit, it looks good
pretty fun
GG it got rated
Love the level!
there should be more level out there with that song
amazing
GG, the 50th Hungarian rated level!
La parte del wave wtffff,lo demas very nice GG!
gg izi - 10 attempts
i BeT yOu CaNt LiKe ThIs WiTh YoUr nOsE
Cool collab!
quality felt all over the place, but it did have some enjoyable gameplay 
top comment cringe, i eat snails
cool
nice vibes ;)
wow it is fun
jeikins good
like if you thouth that thw black orb is in the gameplay not for a coin
Thanks for easy coins :)
GG! All coins :)
GG 1 ATT
gg all coins, nice :D
9000 stars
swag
another chill level
some parts are kinda harder also that worm thing is kinda in the way at the last part, overall good
that ball part looks really cool!
ok
4444 stars nice
ayo rob dont forget the weekly its sunday
idea for 2.2: every comment with the words "like if" gets deleted
I know this is coming in 2.2 but I still LOVE when people build levels around a specific mechanic. Amazing
if this gets 10 likes i will eat a frying pan
empanadas de carne
YO THERE'S A CUSTOM ORB IN THIS LEVEL I LOVE THIS INSTANTLY PLEASE KISS ME
Petition for Extreme Demons to be 11 stars
spanish 7 year olds be like: "#AdvySafe"
atencion!!                                                                 gracias por la atencion
RECENT TAB
sporb
okay, it's time for me to eat that frying pan
spider orb, spider portal, spider color, spider dash
I promise if there is another like if comment, im commiting massive arson on walmart.
this level is actually good
Ducks dont exist, they are just Pigeons 2
 
mfs be like "i hate likebegging" *doesn't dislike beggar's comments*
Like = free drugs
i will eat my toes if the comment gets 5 likes
this is INCREDIBLE!!!
australia be like
like if you saw nexus play spiders
Carlos :D
a spider level without spiderman?!
GG! :)
the custom gamemode is extremely buggy
ragnooo
password is 021221        like if work 
Anyone else from Nexus?
Updated! Secret way in 24 % have been deleted. Lucky the players that beat the level with secret way
I Eon'T Know But My Spider is Afraid Of Those Spiders
I like the part where ur a spider
like si viniste por nexus gd
nice level
KpyTo!!
this has some pretty cool ideas :)
pass: 021221    like this comment
Pass is 021221         Like so others can see :)
Like if you were here before nexus
Like = Boy   Dislike = Girl   Ignore = transgender
ta bonnito
THANK YOU FOR DOING UFO GAMEPLAY THE RIGHT WAY I LOVE YOU CREATOR PLEASE KISS ME
UM... A SQUIRREL JUST FELL OF A TREE AND DIED OUTSIDE MY WINDOW. I AM PARANOID FOR LIFE.
did you know that having to many birthdays  can kill you?
like:mom       like:dad 
this is really cool actually
Only Zugai can like this comment, anyone claiming to be Zugai (obese person) will get doxxed
star rated ? :)
harm
if this gets 4 likes ill change my icons to default
like si ya quieres la 2.2
coin1:37% up the ship coin2:78%dont clikc orb 3coin:98% jump over the spike
dislike if you hate me :,)
among us happy meal
Black icons make you cooler
Espanol
yeah they are I love Slavery
blissey..
the squirrel ignores you, snow
I still hate Kimi18
Geometry Dash
what was the prequel called again
I hate Kimi18
not enough catgirls
Die Geilem was here
Like if you want a neko in your lonely life
The decoration feels messy but the gameplay is really fun! Sent :)
I guess robtop too loves catgirls
deserves epic imo, great deco and gp
kingo is an inspiration to mankind
esto merece epic :D  please robtop >_<
did you see the custom coin ?
why no epic rob
can i join the party?
i saw it and it is still 2021
Ah, i see you are a man of culture aswell.
I didn't even build the gameplay and imo it's totally fine lol
nice art)
and here I am, thinking that the last part is actually the best :(
THIS JUST GOT DAILY WTF IM SHAKING RN HOLY WHAT
Fun fact: Today's date, 12/02/2021, is a palindrome.
HOG RIDAAAAAAAAA
This is sick!
1 Like - 1 Day no school! GG! 
why stupid coments got to the top?
ATENCION!!!                                                               gracias por su atencion.
LETS GO SPLINTER
1 coin:collect 6.7.8% potions(12% coin) 2 coin: 33% 3 coin:55-57% timing.In comment top!
FIRST FICTOR WITH 3 COINS!
why doesnt robtop have cp?
IYA ABOUT DRIVE, ITS ABOUT POWER, WE STAY HUNGRY, WE DEVOUR
ENCOMENDA REALLLLLL
"children are young" indeed they are
sometimes i wonder why top comments are weird
amazing daily
@RealEddieSmith ratio
if this gets top comment i'll stay up all night for hallucinations
Very cool
yoooo this is so good
Bizaare you can ratio DN
DN = Daily Notification. Dont be so dirty
MY GLOBAL RANK IS 2021
NO 1 ON DAILY LEADERBOARD LETS GOOOOOOOOO
rob don't feel bad. you have as many creator points as joe biden
you can cast this ratio
Nice one, sent :)
i swear there should be a netflix series called: The Geometry Dash Daily Chat
I love this level, really clean and smooth, sent :)
i am not smart
YOU LIKE THE LEVEL :3
RobTop he is literally neurodivergent and a minor
HE LIKES THE LEVEL
finally
I LIKE THE LEVEL :3
GG my birthday today :3
way to go daily chat, you scared off robtop again :thumbs_up:
update: fixed some bugs, made the first ufo sync better
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA\
help me find bagpipes on square game pls
pulses are a little hard on the eyes but otherwise not too bad
this song is 30 megabytes dear god
Improved the LDM ok goodnight
bro the gameplay is really unfair i just can't handle the level because their is to mish shake
18,000 stars GGGg!!!!!!
@grafiti sounds like a skill issue :(
30 mb music What??????
look to the left========> i said look to the left lol
this song is fireeee
wea
this is fucing terrible for mobile players
Omg this is fire I cannot stop playing it
1 ATTEMPT HOLY HOW
47% bug should be fixed now. Thanks to Bighaonyn2
literally free after you learn what is going on with a practice run ong
This song is an eargasm
ty for using my font, first rated level i know tht uses it <3
Let's don't speak about that gameplay
GG!, happy xmas everyone!
GG 12k stars :)
Pretty nice collab! Sent :)
killoway ododbryaet nazvanie urovnya.
Tansyr, one of my best online friends and dedicated in this level, has unfortunately passed away...
Sent :)
Glad I was able to help you to finish this level. Let's hope that you get your first cp man!
also my first cp would be nice yeah
Id like this level to become a tribute to him because we talked really often and were good friends
why is it called "rat"
Lya ti Vadi!
First CP????????
Great collab! Send to mods.
lovely bug; i love how all rated levels have buggy gameplay, maybe its just me :)
me when hydroduck gets cp
Tansyr is alive and well, but fortunately failed suicide. Please give him some love yall
not actually kidding someone in family died today so i guess this makes up for that
It totally is a skill issue when you make the spider teleport to death in midair -_-
very fun
well done, the glorious leader of the ccp, xi jinping, would like to award you +500 social credit
GG 17k stars, ok
damn daniel ar ar ar ar ar
Muy bonnito
Who else thought the flowers at the begginning would kill you
nice!
I hope it will be your first epic tbh
me ba lag es wea mi celular no agunta nada :(
un placer estar en tu collab <33
GG! nice
Me plays : me quits level because i think the flower is goanna kill me.
Like if you see Megumin
Very Cool
I love this, keep up the amazing work. I've really been loving what you've been putting out recently
Nice! <3
lol
the last 80% for the gameplay are wack but overall, i like it :D
I thought the flowers are saws
j'adoreeeee   
Fue un placer participar :DD
atmoshere on koeki's part is AWESOME!!!!
the kanji for hujisan is not correct
yaruna
reuploaded for better optimization
really good level :)
very cool
YOU GOT ROBBED OF AN EPIC
gg beautiful level :)
Lol, no one will find the coin...
love it when levels with ldm on lag on my nvidia 1660 lol
This is so good ... Where's the epic?
incidius i will f-
super fun and sexy looking
aprendi a dominar el lag
FINALLY RATED!
6800!
where is the coin
clash royale king laughing emote
Lets hope this gets at least a rate now....
update: the creator was significantly injured during falling down the stairs
Interesting ideas & innovation here :) Send to mods.
jeez this is extremely laggy
i died to a bug
somewhat annoying gp sorry :/
Deco: 9/10  Gameplay: 0/10
Practice enough first before you play this level.
this gameplay doesnt belong in a 4 star level
GG Awesome Deco
Nice level <3
really bad
secret way 33% (dont click purple orb)
Like if the ball gameplay is confusing
I agree with the person below me
i hate when the spikes have the same colour  as the background and the floor :,(
"readable" gameplay
Thanks for letting me know about the secret way, there's like 100 comments saying that
good deco , gameplay kinda weird
this is not 4 star gameplay
i cant read the damn gp
couldnt even tell where to jump 1/10
Cool lvl, soundtrack is mesmerizing!
Awful gameplay, ugly song! :(
good design but it has smetana gameplay
this song hits hard everytime
Big secret way. GG! :) (Thanks Vartixy)
aw man...... my hard demon is gone D:
I love these easy hard demons, they make me think im good at this game
Fun level, GG! :)
amazing level, 102 att, definitely a medium demon
Fun level, GG! :)
pass is 326326
GeometryGG
OMG NEW HARDEST! my heart i beantin so fasrt rn om i dont wnna die :0
gey el que se lo pase con secret way XD
#1319.  85 intentos y obviamente con secret way 
GG secret way at 67%!
this level is fire
cool :)
ya quiero terminar con estoooooo
coin: miss black orb at 57 (hit invis one right after). gl with last normal sized ship
one of the most enjoyable hard demons gg
a
very fun easy/medium demon
they really got mario judah to sing in a gometry dash song
like of you hate triples   ----->
This first part would be a lot less annoying if the indicators were just more precise
I never realized how dark it looked on mobile devices, apologies to all mobile players
name doesnt sound very appealing
This is so good.
pass is 112921
first part is easily the worst part in a level ive seen in months
This is actually epic worthy in my opinion, just for its amazingly smooth and clean movements :)
this song bangs so hard. feel free to listen
fixed the first part, you should be able to see the gameplay now
Like this comment because its buggy
tone deaf kids still be joking about michi I'm deleting all of that garbage
w
(Rebeat) GG! :)
I cry
top 10 level that i thought it will be my top 10
GG! 1 attempt to rebeat :)
great level hutaothighs
NO WHY NO WHYYYY
genuinely one of my favorite levels this year, gg!
amazing
the end is literally the most annoying part
A few bugs, really good deco but some annoying gameplay
What about 5 gum
80-100 is basically when you forget how to make gameplay
I already fixed the secret way at 52 percent. I just have to verify the update
GG! :)
Ok, secret way should now be fixed
Super cool deco and fun gameplay! Hopefully it gets featured :)
honestly felt like i was on drugs
THIS LVL IS DOPEEEEE
There is a secret way at 54% where you can jump through the saws as the cube
What were you smoking bro.
u can skip first cube portal lol
How the HECK did I fluke that
oh, that's nice
at 55%, you can actually slip between the bottom gear and blocks and beat the level that way
@wojtaszeqo can you survive if you do that?
seen on reddit and is def harder than it looks from your gameplay
Level by: ZlovboyZaremba, Unbihexium, overdefo, Mousile, Lumpy, Ninq and xyuns.
this is awesome, love the the abstract theming 
THIS is how you make fun 8 star gameplay
forest
Cry about it.
ecofuturism drain gang 2029
Who up pondering they orb
Me4Tate/\b
I dont like the last part all that much, but the rest is very solid! Nice work :)
2 ATT LOLOLOL
19 att nice
very different from your usual works, was very suprised but in a good way. great level :D
So goood!! good job to everyone!
244 att GG
g
g
sick
the industrial revolution and its consequences have been a disaster to the human race etc etc
LETS GO BOYS
24 attempts, amazing theme and creative yet decent gameplay! I love this :)
Who's NOT from Nexus?
thanks for letting me verify!
Level name + song name :) 
QUA GHE GOM
Petition for rate             - - - - - - - >
niiiiiiice
Pass: 291121.
this is medium or hard demon, skill issue?
Very fun level, GG! :)
Thanks for the opportunity on letting me build in this masterpiece
gg! very fun and accessible :)
caution but actually possible im so happy
Epic! :)
GG! :)
very fun but not an insane demon.
cang!!!
One of the best demons in gd history
Awesome 2* level I hope beginners can clear this :)
i hate it when you spend hours grinding a hard level then it gets demoted :c
pay day
I love sex.
Take your before rate ticket here ---->
good news i beat zodiac
First!
#Advyout
let me beat zodiac first
second
maybe.. my next extreme?
verified by mrbeast
Cool to see this finally out -- Congrats Dosh!
Like for CC, dislike for Guitar
If you encounter any issues. Please report on official APTeam Public Discord server.
no crash trigger in this one?
Claim your here before rate tickets, Cost: 1 like
Like to support #Advyout
BEST WAVE Deco EVER? | Playing "Cosmic Cyclone" by APTeam
Cosmic Cyclone ----> Sonic Wave Infinity V2
Update 1.1 is out. Changelog is out on our twitter and discord server.
eso tilin
When the cyclone is cosmic :O
secret way at 92% though
I LOVE YOUR STYLE
whoa I love this
Solid but vibrant, an idealistic example of using 1.9 related gameplay.
Please DONT stop making gameplay, this was so FUN!!!!! Great decoration too!!!!
the sequel to this lvl should be an extreme demon
I absolutely love this one, one of my new favorites for sure!
incredible level, I had a lot of fun playing it
next level: "ung"
put a inbetween the letters g and y
besides the memory parts this level has really good fun gameplay
Very fun level, GG! :)
one of my favorite hard demons
Hot
should be rated
Really fun sequel that doesnt disappoint! Better than An tbh. 106 attempts, GG! :D
Lovely
nice
so niceeee
this is so good
Drop goes hard I like
i was not expecting rob to say something "goes hard"
3 stars, of course
rare instance of a 9 star level having the correct rating
i want to suck on gru's nose
easy demon?
despicable me 20 came out already? what about the other 15 movies?
that song does indeed slap. Gameplay is odd, but not terrible. Sync is killer
despicable me
most unpolished gameplay ever
gru is like pinocchio but actually not at all
the spam gameplay is so strange... wtf
im having a bad bad day
good level but the gameplay is a bit uncomfortable
Pass 040649)
1st coin : let u fall at 38% 2nd coin : let u fall at 79% :)
stop. putting. gameplay. offscreen. thank you
gameplay is a bit strange, i suggest relying a bit less on orbs
not a 3 star????
a not impossible with a grandson song, idc its a remix i love you for making this
its the practice mode song but with evil monster sounds
Well done... now try and complete it without any checkpoints!
Fun level, sent :) (Based song I love you)
Really nice glow usage, this looks clean. Sent!
ATENCION!!!                                                                       gracias
Hi, buenas noches mis danopanas
Pretty good level, with a good song too, sent :)
NO ONE CARES IF U BEAT THIS IN 1 ATT
nice, chill level. enjoyed it! had the spinning duck gif on my other monitor for an even better experience
The song is broken, i can hear it without download
The pass is 446677. I don't make a big deal out of sharing passwords if people don't have bad intent
(LIKE) If you love Geometry Dash (DISLIKE) If you love Fortnite
my password is ***********
LIKE SI YA QUIERES LA 2.2 :v 
the song name sounds gay ._.
HELICOPTER HELICOPTER
Pipe bombs were just released in the new Minecraft update
GG I got 50 likes!
like if you hate hackers
getting top comment in a daily level is as hard as going outside if you are not a mod
Pretty cool, sent :)
Not too bad, sent for rate :)
Suscribete a mi canal de YouTube para mas contenido :D
como dijeran los papus vengo del facebook 
1st coin: jump over the gravity pad at 28% 2nd coin: at the bottom at 53% 3rd coin: jump about 1 second once you reach the end screen :)
como le haces para subir niveles tan rapido jsj
jump at the end to get the last coin
OJOOOOOOO
Esta bien "God" como dicen los papus Bv
Nada mal
hola, vengo del GD
the theme is nice but the gameplay was really boring to me
como disen los papus vengo del facebook vB
nice level!!! GG
GG 
gg!
wHeRe aRe My cOinS
gg 1 attempt 3 coins, cool ocean level! :D
fun
Not bad!
excellent level. very atmospheric and open ended :D
Tsunamis are the worlds way of cleaning their tectonic plates 
some parts seem a bit empty but overall a good level!
Good level! You really have potential!
No le entiendo al final
I see a dreemer
my pc just exploded :P
Bruh
GG! :)
GG!!
if i was a mod  i would send :D
very smexy
THAT TRANSITION!!!!!!!
coolio.
hermoso
gg
gg nice level
not sightreadable
gg 14 attempts
Please check out the other half of this level swap on NotCyanides account!
I will nerf the ship part if this comment gets 420 likes
also wtf why is the last ship so hard
@robotchief do you still think plampton is swole?
coin is in the blue orb at 47% 
plampton was always swole
4* No
are you serious?
i liked this level btw but ship is too hard for 4* gp
Where tf did i get a coin
i feel offended
coin 1 at 37%, orb in last portal for coin 3
i hate the ship part , like if you too
its not funny
5462 stars. 65 - 85% is one of the stupidest difficulty spikes ive seen.
why is this ship in a 4*
Ship part are very unbalance
hee hee hee ha
Recent 4-5 star levels have been real shitty :/
Los niveles de ahora ni las coins se ven,los welles las esconden       D:<
Nothing is wrong with the ship part, you just need to get better at controlling your ship
wait there are fake spikes??? fr??? why did nobody tell me wtf
WARNING: IN THIS LEVEL YOU WILL FIND A LOT OF FAKE SPIKES. PLAY ON YOUR OWN RISK.
like if brandon is gay
what is happening
if this gets rated i will eat my computer
that fake spike is so convincing lol
thats an awful name what
mr bean step
Maybe the fake spikes were the friends we made along the way
Very fun level, GG! :)
Why all the hate? It's just a normal memory level, you act like it's the first memory level ever
I like memory but not this kind of memory
just because the level doesnt have the most sightreadable gp ever that doesnt mean the gp is bad
bstep = braeden step
harder than slaughterhouse?
HELL YEA i think this is your best :)))
I wasted 8 attempts because the first spike looked so real.
GG! :)
like si no eres moderador xd
also like this has some of the most fun gameplay once you learn it, like i rebeat it in one attempt just now its crazy fun
this looks alright but the gameplay needs a lot of work imo
schmoldering schmanor
manor is molding, i am malding
GG! :)
rate drop dead gorgeous
I liked the first and third parts, but in the rest you should improve the design and space.
Lovely level in decoration and music but the gamplay a little bit caca 
GG! :) 84 Attempts! I like these uncomplicated timings and such a lull before the duals! Fun level!
I liked this one
banger pt 2
all the mods are being too nice. this level is ugly and plays like caca.
gameplay sucks lmao
51 att, not that fun
GG, weird gameplay but I like the sync 
108 attempts of my life WASTED
pretty cool level! Gameplay is a bit unbalanced but overall its a nice level! 233 attempts.
Demon 2133! =GG=
eww
LETS GOOOO!
gg
Andrey Malahov/10
not 5* absolutely unreadable gameplay
NET BLYAT MARIA IVANOVNA
very cool
recent levels in a nutshell
net blyat Ludmila Bebronuhova
Recent level + deco
net blyat Victor Elenovich
norm nazvanie
this is soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo weird :"(
net blyat galina mihaylovna
Eto na ves urok?
Net blin Ponosa Anatolevna
dislike
a eto na ocenky?
Ya proshla Elenu Viktorovnu!
Net blin Dmitrii Sergeyevich
Ivan Petrovich
rating standarts in 2021 is really so low?
imya matematichki be like:
really clean but wouldve liked to see more empty space filled and more interesting bg designs
i really enjoyed the simple yet stylish feel this had to it. nice little effects too!
GGGGG 22cps! 30/11/21.
like if u here before feutere
neato
It looks clear and nice colors :)
Lindo nivel <3
very nice level! hope it gets featured
Very good lvl :3
YAY, it got rated!!
gg
I can also skip the first UFO if i release the dash orb on the first ball
empty but definately rate worthy :)
Wow, very very very good
this is amazing! it should be rated
gg with coin
how
j
sweet
wait i didn't expect to find an actually good level on the recent thing
I love this for reasons I cant understand
Selling NFT Monke for 8,867$. Please, do not screenshot it!
Okay sorry! I did small little nerfs here and there to make the level more balanced and fun. :)
AYO WHO GAVE CURIOUS GEORGE A LAZER GUN!?!?!
mexican world contest
ME WHEN MONKE GO BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
bacl for more monkn
The boss is more balanced now, thanks for updating it!
AMAZING!!!!!
Go back I want to be MONKE
i unironically love happy levels that dont take themselves super seriously like this one :)
when your buddy says its out
Nice gameplay!
YESSSSSSS
deez mamo
Reject humanity, RETURN TO MONKE!!!!
I did not think de monke would return but I'm glad he did
reject humanity, return to monke
The best level I played in a while! =)
One minute ago... I missed it... Ill still see what happened in the update.
remember me if this gets daily
really nice level, gg :) for coins: first- jump at 0%, second- go up at 64% third- go up at 89% :))
cool beans
Good gameplay doesn't include only being fun, it also includes visibility. We can't see anything tho
good level.
Jump at 0% for the first coin
good atmosphere and colors :)
pretty sick
anyone think the rating is wrong?
nice
lol im here too late you messaged me but i see its already featured
i have the sudden urge to dance uncontrollably on the floor
hai :3
password is 554369
bad ldm.
jump immediatly at the start for a coin like if help
WHAT this came out of nowhere!!! amazing as always :DD
seizure warning lol
I have never raged so hard at a 5 star...
why did i read the title as "burgers on my mind"
no kids this is not lag
what's wrong with skipping stuff if you don't need it .-.
like if you cant see sh*t for the first 50% of the level
i cant tell if thats lag or the actual effect
bonito
awesome lvl mel :)
My levels for mobile players be like:
GG! :)
dont say to not orb skip when half the level's orbs are useless
it do be beautiful
trash gameplay
this is super nice!
Awesome! Glad I could playtest :)
top
like for +15 social credit
vete a la verga
GG! 25 attempts :)
122 attempts (lol). Already beaten this when it was unrated. #1557
this level is super frustrating to play in some parts, either due to bad visibility or badly forced orbs
love this so much :)
6 likes and i eat my underwear!
8 likes to top comment? everyone who likes this comment will get a free cookie :) help a brother out <3
Really this is your SCHOOL PROJECT??
is nobody gonna mention that coin route 
Coin = 41% don't touch green ring
look right                                                                                 look left
I verified The Garden. -nJack
i hope you get an A ig
day 1 of asking gd to come to xbox
Jack
Nice "free coin"
are you sus? oh yeah
i like trains :)
lol the coin route doesnt giv u a coin it just hard 
Sweet & beautiful lvl with it's own entire world! Thanks for this lovely lvl! Much love. GG! <3 8-)
Nice :)))
Jack, that is an A+
this is a 6 stars. 
fun 
g
:)
pass is 112621 like so everyone can see
pretty cool
level is sick, i just wish it was a bit more interesting before the drop
ya esta me voy a la mierda
This is really good, you really nailed the energy that this song delivers
Fun level, GG! :)
quite very interesting and fun to play!
3rd legit with the coin. 104 attempts
coin is basically a death sentence
dude i just lost more than 1 hour trying to take a coin in a easy demon lmao, GG :^)
Nice work! I love this :)
5 TIMES 5 F***ING TIMES 
GG! 2 attempts, I really like the underused parts of this song ;)
dope pulses, gp could be a wee bit balanced better
No thank you, i don't think i need the coin...
I got the coin. 5 deaths.
THIS IS SICK!!!!
Hard coin? Sounds like an fps issue
gg 7 attempts, the deco fits the song really well, and the gameplay is super fun too :))
amazing as always brother <3
bro why no epic :(
super unique and awesome level
been a while since i've seen somethin, quite a lovely change of pace :)
your style is so creative and well executed, i love it
if this was a casual stroll i'd have schizophrenia
Nice
 Ey guys Hope a KoolTrix! ;3
beautiful! you will always be one of my fav creators
very cool
awesome
The only one creator who never disappoints with his ideas and levels - MrKoolTrix. Awesome as always
  
hes back?
awoo
This is something fresh, loved it <3
Definitely not as polished as your past levels but I like seeing you expand from your cartoon style!
Im in shock this didnt get epic. Ended his streak of 12 epics too.
that end transition blew my mind
Mama me estan violando CARAJOOOOOO!!!
amazing, sent!
very sightreadable level
sync was way off
Copy + paste lol
love you leo
Awesome level, sent :)
gameplay is ok, until 80% that is barely playable wtf, background 100/10
Im here before new epic from Edoox
Good level, sent :)
neat remake
Gameplay after 75% sucks
epic!
I give up on life
This level is so sexy
man how not epic
LETS GO MY FELLOW REPEATED GAMEPLAY ENJOYER :handshake:
the detail is great but that drop really let me down :(
it's visualy impressive but over all gameplay feels wrong... just being honest.
do you know what copy paste is?
neat level
privet, go v kfc?
yoink
girl BYE
bye
wtf robtop... rate this level!!
voy a predecir de que nexus va a subir este nivell hoy ayoutube :v
fun and very vibrant :)
hey si me ven, las mujeres en la calle me dicen papi ven ven 
henlo
this is defenitly a easy demon
thanks
hey
99 attempts. #1593
Great level, GG! :)
Harder than it looks
That UFO transition is hard to react to
      a          e          s          t          h          e          t          i          c
thank you for using my song <3
amazing song and interesting color palette
why so
Congrats on your first creator points!
no way is this 5 star 
thank you peter and the mod team, god bless
First level rate! Congrats!
:o
Gg!! ;)
GG , fun :)
Congrats on rate!
this is the original
gg
I think the BD looks a little bit messy but cool level and gameplay overall, nice job! :)
i added coins guys
377889 att
gg bro!!
HoLy Sh Is ThAt A mFiNg CaLaMiTy ReFeReNcE?
bro what, i put 5* xd
gg 24 attempts hard but fun
Dear God.. our usernames.. I've been prepared for this moment
GG but idk about the gp. Some orb positions are kinda weird.
flatulence within us envelopes us all
like if this is a medium demon
gg 76 attempts. first victor.
hold on easiest extreme?
GG 56 ATTEMPTS ON THIS NEW TOP 1!!! I CANT BELIEVE IT! WR ATTEMPTS
Now Insane Demon. Diffifculty is STILL WRONG LOL
GG! :)
wasn't this an extreme?
Now Medium Demon. Difficulty fixed :/
the only thing extreme about this level is how poorly it was rated
WTF, easy demon not insane XDD
92 attempts. bossfight reminded me of Ultra violence :) GG
Fun fact: This used to be an extreme demon.
rate it hard demon for the funnies
This is not extreme
when the recent tab is good! :flushed
1st medium demon and 15th demon
the boss has very sudden attacks despite all the gameplay before it being very easy. not a fan tbh
Lol this used to be extreme
wish i was good enough to beat medium demons. cause they get the most effort put into them
yall how did this get extreme demon LOL
Coin: Don't touch the purple orb at 2%. =)
the 2nd yellow orb clcik at 60% is rly unsightreadable but thsi is a good stage
easily your best by a landslide. easy feature send
what is this transition
banger level
nice level, just a bit of weird gameplay in some parts. for coin: look at charlymex's comment :)
gg coin nice work!
its such a strange level that i love it lmao
the beginning is a bit confusing, but the rest is fine
Cool
epilepsy adventure
Sync could be better
This is epic -Pyrocynical
GG With Coin. Thanks to Charlymex for the coin guide :).
i totally knew that was coming
Definitely your best level yet, great job on this!
Nice
cool
amazing
GG, I love how the theme is so different. Great Work!
fun fact\
Went again for this! Man i like it in visuals but the gameplay bro......
ey
my cousin loved this level so much that he's dancing on the floor
Rip My part, see you all in part 2 
looks like spectrum surge
this should be epic for sure
ey
h
congrats with feature!
Invisible portals <
wow that's good actually. your best for sure. it might get epic rating?
This song is an absolute banger 
Wow! Thanks RobTop :)
Nice level!
really fun
Every part looks awesome! :)
mis ojitos x'd
why do i keep dying at 71 lol
all your rated levels completes :)
brotha
phase 3 cancer
thanks for letting me verify such a pogilishous level! epic conclusion to the phase series
the phase series is my favorate level series
lit
btw if you get hit with the lava wall at the end, it's because you didn't hit all the toggle orbs
GG! 87 attempts, very fun :)
I cant get past that last part. wat do I have to do for that hand thiong to go away
banger
GG! :)
how tf is this not epic this was the best level i've seen in a while
here before epic
IT FINAL PHASE . END
GG! :)
the phase series is now finally complete yay! :D
To be honest this is more like a medium or hard demon, the first time im at the drop i get 76. bruh
ok i fixed 52, should work now
yo it's my good friend danerdogger
the most recent demon
ugh should ve  been epic again
funniest level ever
blame crashyy for choosing this song 
Crashyy i hope u lose the ability to listen to music
yall forgot to add thegot for finishing sulpurs parts.. wait.. sulpur finished his parts alone?!
hey guys i dont know if you knew this but the song is bad
there are 1 million songs on newgrounds and you just had to use this
I love the style! and the music of course :)
apart from the song this is quite a banger
really cool level but i am not a huge fan of the song lol
Simple & clean. I like it. Send to mods.
dashandcrash
Nice one, sent :)
so huggy this is dumb
i love this song
Me gusta :)
sulpur has more than one rate, he is officially a cp grinder
GG!
i like cloudier's music i just have very bad memories with this song
The colors were fine and the gameplay was fun, but the design was just pretty basic.
cool
yeah. the original game was for the TI calculator by Brandon Sterner
claim your here before feature ticket now! ->
level 11 and copy code is 0661. u can use the editor to find lvl codes. like so others can see.
like if this should be a Epic Demon
fixed some password bugs and hopefully the crash bug =)
9030 is level 6 Press this if you saw - - - ->
SO EPIC!
Pretty amazing, i really like this mini game :0
nice minigame
Gg
all coins done in probably 30 minutes total, i refuse to sleep
Awesome recreation
get rate now
just give me five more seconds lol
its impressive, good job bro but im stupid
After 10 mental breakdowns anger stuff I still didn't beat it| sounds like a skill issue for me
cool
cant pass lvl 7
i forgot stage 7 password help
Use code 0210 for the last level. Like so ofhers can see.
hi
1st coin: jump at 8%, 2nd coin at 88%
:)
mmm:)
Thanks for having me Geps! :D
pene
Js SUS :0
h
21300 stars!!!! dedicated to all my friends!! =)
really really nice design
why are you gae
Amogus ?
like if you searched "gae"
cool level ^^      btw, one sus :0
that ending is sus
LETS GOOO ITS RATED YOOOOOOO
El among us     xD
pretty chill :)
gg 8 attempts 2 coins
gg
Like if you have M O T H E R
if rob doesnt give epic rating to this ill put my balls in my own jaws (again)
This is really awesome, could be epic imo :)
the deltarune distracted me
and yes I like mirror portals
keks
Fun level, sent :)
The gameplay is very enjoyable, sent ;)
this was supposed to be released a month ago but school decided to pull the uno reverse card on me
Thats got to be the smoothest mirror portal transition
Cool!
cupcakke
The arts are incredible. Send to mods.
awesome!
dope af get epic rn
Wow this lvl is Way too Beautiful the colors are awesome and the Transitions are Epic <3
Shows that you dont have to leave out mirror mode to make good levels
the fitnessgram pacer test is a multistage aerobic capacity test, that progressively gets more diff
AMAZING LEVEL !!!
i love the deltarune meme nice work!
1st coin: Collect collectables at 2%, 3%, 7%, 8%. Hit blocks being pointed at, jump at 18%.
Coin 2: Go up at 54%. Coin 3: Go to the very top at the 98%. #13 on daily leaderboard, solid level.
stop adding pads inside ufo portall i trynnaaaa clickkkkk i can doooo it my sellfff
i HATE pads in portals..
please stop putting jump pads in portals
unpopular opinion: christmas music should be illegal until after thanksgiving
Rob needs to rate more
chinga tu cola imbecil
things i hate: 1.invisible pads insids portals   2.annoying level ending
Very sweet!
10 likes and ill have a pillow fight with a tree
Bruh don't add the pads at the portals, i can jump for myself!
2.2 in December
@purples oh thanks for the gift this'll go great in my basement with my 'children'
owO
The entire Bee Movie Script compressed heavily into numbers: 037478290724862900875862018375602188492
when I see jump pads in portals I think to myself: shit
if this comment gets 999999 likes i will not quit
7000 STARS GG!!!
GG! thank you for using my songs, this is awesome!!!!
don't make arrows like this pls
how bout instead of saying its not a spike, you change it so it doesnt look like a spike
demons
GG! :)
the arrows look like spikes lol
LETS F*CKING GO!!!! YOUR 10 Cps
me when only 14 victors on leaderboard
Nice
top 25 OMG :^0
WTFFFFFF
Falta mejorar LDM
Buen nivel, espero que le den featured lo mas pronto posible!
36283 stars.
muy bno
don't understand why people are complaining it's easy to differenciate the spikes and arrows
I like this level
GG!
thats not a spike bro
Bonito lo del spider
GG
featured, robtop culiao trabaja >:(
que pro omg nose aue decir a  bueno ya dije algo xd
c:
real good!
Denle rate pa
most of the parts feels overdecorated, but nod bad, you did well, sent to mods :)
buenardo
Very cute :>
GG :)
._.
EPIC!
buenardo
buen level bro
Bua creas EXCELENTE
eyeye
muy buen nivel! =)
GG :D
featured
2 att gg
muy buena la parte del 30%, y el design del 60% esta uff increible.
Why is this so hard????
Absolutely beautiful level, I love the way everything flows with the song. Fantastic work.
Sick
COIN: grab the blue orb at 19%, then jump at 94%
I was too focused on trying to find any wrong details; couldnt find any
Very good level, sent :)
Feature? Easy? Bruh
Not a 2 star
15 FPS pero GG!!!
Very much impressive.
how is this a 2 star
So beautiful and relaxing (Also it's nice to find a 2* level that needs more than 5 jumps)
its so detailed and has no lag
Like for 5* dislike for 2* ignore for attack helicopter
simplemente epico decoracion hermosas :0
this reminds me of red ball 4 
Very nice!
how no more than 40000 obj??
How is this easy!?!?
Fun to play
Privet, Russkie
KTo PyccKuu LauK (BauT)) -->
Mark my words, 9 Stars these days are harder than Easy and Medium Demons
I found a diamond in the trashbag! hope this gets rated :)
buggy and bad gameplay tho the decoration is good
holy shit learn to make gameplay
KT0 RYSSKIJ LAIK------------------------------------
npuBeT
Click Here For " Like Virus" Its Legit ----->
very fun
10 seconds to like this level
kto pycckuu -------------------------->
terrible gameplay and good deco
our top news story: rare nine star level actually deserves nine stars.  we'll back live at five
russia vpered obama sosi
pro tip: "spam"
privet
YAY! This work really needs to got rate! :D
npuBeT
Dissapointed. No malware anywhere. Now I dont have an excuse to skip online school.
Sley... are you by any way... mbed? 
trol
PLEASE DONT MAKE MORE LEVELS NEVER <3
No.
wery bad
upside down
insane
Why is this so difficult?
ok but why is there so much skippable gameplay
cancer level...
DO MORE FIRST CP RATES
bad gp
This gets featured but Miracle Flower gets star rated? RobTop c'mon man, what are you on
GG! Horrible
I HATE when gameplay moves all over the place :)
The last part is slightly laggy tho
bad gameplay
Insane,    Demon 
gg
this is hard
swimmig
it's not epic i'm crying
well done!!!
If this can't get epic, then nothing can...
GG! 48 attempts, why make the level end at the most intense part of the song? :(
awesome job!
Anyone want to claim their [Here before Nexus] ticket?
There is animation + original song on my channel, I'm waiting for you there!
How is this not Epic?
109 att, cool but polish up that gp
This is one of the best levels in the damn game how is it not epic
GG! :)
What motherf cker is disliking all the comments. Go to hell
Demon 2109! =GG= SO EPIC JOURNEY LEVEL!
WTF WHERE IS THE EPIC RATING THIS IS SO GOODDDD
GG
AHOY complete!!! swimmig :b
altos flashbacks de Jake y los piratas
This lvl is actually not that hard once you learned how to play it, also very fun too :D
best level ever
cool level i am racist
so cool
this song makes me so happy
glamorous
top 100
I love this song <3
you after taking yass pills 
who else smiled when they saw the snail at the beginning of the level
omg the song :'D
not bad sent!
This feels like that one good map pack level
Que pasa con el Wafe? si lo hago bien :( 
GG! Nice dude :)
36204 stars.
1500 stars :)
Super noice flippin' lvl! Thanks a ton! GG! <3 8-)
lovely
gg :)
GG!! 10 Att :D
Nostalgic
Interesting designs.
GG
I like the idea that a level begins and ends with the same theme 
incredibly fun :)
gg what style is this
What a decoration, good level.
:D
gg
6100 stars gg 
GG!
GG
cool
i liked the ball,the ball was fun
cool lvl but this is not a 6 star xD
gg
excuse me
chtozahuynya
awesome
gg
:)
I HATE IT!!!!
This is incredible!
i cant be the only one thats confused, right...? right?
GG! :)
your style was made for this remake
GG! 173,000 Stars! 03/12/2021 :)
a few quirks here and there but overall a very solid remake, love it!
love this, really solid
Very fun level, GG! :)
like if ur confused
If youre having troubles with fakes, you can check one of completion vids for the right route!
Like this comment for a cookie
heat
dope af
Very cool, gets really fun at the drop!
guys youre absoultely amazing, thanks for your support <3
GG! 166 attempts, very good remake :)
haha yakobnugget you are on my account
please... how do you do 4% :|
i dont can pass 4%
this will be daily i can predict the future
Sent for demon
3 likes and i reveal my name
flagged as chocolet chip cookie                               [eat]
10 likes and ill use a furry icon set
yo
PLANET EARTH POWER
Gameplay isn't really good at the last parts (And also what is the point of the 97% trigger orb)
1 like = 1 star for you
Pass is 001989 like so others can see!
WHAT
8*
whats up
10 likes and i will make a party to celebrate my birthday... (Today,11/20/2021)
patched a secret way found by umbraleviathan
5 likes and i reveal your Zipcode!
How is this 7 stars?? this could easily pass as an easy demon
ratio lordolvisGD into oblivion
orb in the ship whyyyftctf
i got rejected today.. but at least i got gd..
Well hello there
hi Robert
can i have  top coment do  not ask any question s   just doit
oop
If your not a clubstep monster, Like this comment
fine I'm completing this                   not as satisfying but whatever
solo falta que robtgop le de estrellas
Dw rob is gonna fix it
i love minecrarft
i just got 45-97 on Acu
Tartarus easy :v
there is something called a freedom of religion you know
@cubogirl have fun with your 34days 22h ban or whatever
Cool remake!
Everyone. America Has been renamed to obamaland. Thank you Everyone
clubgethon VS Tartarus
clubstep ??
I am going to say something important: something important
gg
rebeat  yes          why am I doing this
Hoy en dia ya es algo absurdo ponerle "Robtop" a los niveles online
arregla la wea del 81%
fun fact: si escriben " fun fact " todo el mundo lo leera
Como que Tranqui? Es hora de ponerse a trabajar en la 2.2!!!
pretty interesting designs, fun gameplay too! transitions were a little hard though. Like right here
Para pasar el 82% , no activen el LDM :/
todos esperando la 2.2, mientras el robtop se hace una paja
82% ???????
la ultima parte me dejo mas ciego de lo que ya estaba 
coins: 14%, 69%
Like por RobTop :)
que te pasa RobTop, estas nervioso? XD
GG All Coins.
ecuador
Bug fixed
Che robtop, tranquilo si quieres lanza la 2.2 en 2024
robtop anda tranqui sin preocuparse de la 2.2 -_-
Like si buscas el comentario de robtop
Rob <3
mucho lag 
uncomfortable gameplay
Decent atmosphere, but gp it's a bit inconsistent and looks kinda repetitive overall.
gameplay is not good
Horrible :/
this is 8-10 stars, but not 7
gameplay kinda annoying :/
Shvek? just replace the v with an r and OH MY GOD-
sorry... but i don't like the gp:(
You really need to work on your gameplay.
Really poor quality gameplay
the person who made this gameplay must be a clown
i bet you decorated while making gp, 
when gameplay de mierda
Like if the level name should be Shrek |||
bad gameplay :/
some transitions are kind of annoying
GG!! Bad level
Like if the gameplay should be improved.(:
Gameplay is bad
bad gp
welcome to the gum zone :hot_face:
Dont say it.
Only gum inside anime girls
POV you read the name wrong
Well.. let's not talk about it.
also why does it say "2021st century" that would literally be 202100 
The name is... well... kind of creative... I guess?
Absolutely epic! Awesome work everyone! :)
I love literally everything about this
I died 5 times at 98% now but its still fun
imagine not reading the name wrong
I only gum inside your mom
Like if you though the G was a C
how tf nexus beat already
Im not the only one who read it wrong right?
if you read the name wrong, -15 social credit
the name caught me off gaurd soooooooo bad
i gummed
i think so
probably the best themed collab to date 
I swear half the comments are gonna be "Look I beat Bloodbath"
Bloodbath by Knoeppel.. Bloodlust by Knoeppelboy?
worst fail in gd history
jeez another top 1 this month has been crazy
i got 69% give me likes
Mom, can we have Bloodbath?       Mom: We Already have Bloodbath at home.        Bloodbath at home:
music should've been at the speed of light
damn, bloodbath has changed a lot since it got knocked out to the legacy list
6% on bloodbath
one like is one minute i'll be able to play at class before my teacher sees me.
I had fun building my part! (:
OUR COLLAB GOT RATED LOL
i beat bloodbath by knoeppel lol
finally.... first extreme !
yall is it just me or did bloodbath go through some nerfing :0
GG bloodbath 100%
should be extreme demon
oMg he is referENcING A gEOMEtRY DAsH LEVel1!1111111111!!!111
OMG I BEAT BLOODBATH LET'S GO!
cmon top comment we can do this
DOES A PREGNANT HORSE HAVE DOUBLE THE HORSE POWER??? XDDD
not easy on the eyes at 3am
GG All Coins. For 1st Coin: Touch the big triangle at 2%-3%.
why did you do that
GO F.UCK YOURSELF JEIKINS!!!!
i hacked this commend, you can like it twice
rob roth more like bob ross
GG! :)
i regret having my monitor brightness so high
GG!
you have rate definitive ._. wueno ya ni modo
Wow
Rob ross instead of bob ross next
Deberia ser EPIC :&
temazooooo
bonito 
gg secret way. thx framed power
there needs to be better contrast between what kills you and doesnt...
GG secret way
If wondering, the coin is accessed by hitting the first warning sign at the start. zit will turn red
WHAT IS THIS
BRUH THE LAG
Really cool but gameplay and hitbkxes in the wave part are bugged
Why did the dog owner call his dog Rolex? Because it's a watch dog.
The lag makes my ship look drunk
hi people from the community of the game Geometry Dash
I need to get better at Geometry Dash
i like what u did here
Dear Robert Topala, marry me
If i get 20 likes ill eat spaghetti and spit it on my mom
you should've named it liminal
good luck to all who are on mobile...
dios te ama
*c laguea*
Jesus Christ this level's got the moves.
Trippy
pyr epic
LAG
@Cyaners based on scientific research, this level is daily because Rob thought it was good.
Vely lag
coins: Drop at 10%, up at 33%, double tap at 93%
GRACIAS POR EL APOYO AMIGOS :3
Suscribete a mi canal de YouTube para mas contenido ^^
El que no le de like fan de kunno
Funky!
.-.
lagg
Like por la Pokebola :)
lAaagg
Like si quieres que tenga featured ;)
lo merecia
GG All Coins. For 2nd Coin: Go up at 33%.
Rated! Nice
GG! :)
Nice!!!3
felicidades por el featured bro
Like si vienes del feisbuc
Esta genial, me gustan los estilos modernos, GG + 3 coins.
wave = (*-*)
color
gg 8 att god this song is awful
does the singer know what privacy is?
weird gameplay
the sound and the gp is trash and the only thing that is ok is the deco
why dont you pick up your phone why dont you pick up your phone why dont you pick up your phone why 
the song is so bad
i cant play this level because of the song 
Even the Peppa Pig theme song is better than this god awful song.
what is this song
I really like it! Sent :)
singer of the song needs a restraining order
this song makes me want to commit several hate crimes
she's not picking up her phone cuz she's playing gd. don't bother her.
the singer's got issues lol
please change your logo, my mom took away my phone after she saw it
the song is so bad it should not be aloud
cool level yeah but how could you have possibly tolerated building to this song
i hope the girl is ok, that guy is creepy lol
oh god the song is so bad
this song is cringe literaly pls tell me im not the only one that thinks this like seriously :/
sexy kamu
EPIC WORTHY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ZAMN o^0
ice Neko wangy wangy
akhirnya kelar juga ;eiowsoskwpzslwl
really good
Good job! Keep up your efforts :) Send to mods.
the                                                                                                
Its dream will be nice...
well work on this one, the colors and atmosphere are absolutely amazing. Good job guys!
Bug at around 60%, other than that looks decent
Looks pretty nice, sent :)
WHY THIS IS NOT EPIC?
5k stars
pretty neat
50,000 stars gg
Aww, such a sweet lvl! I love it so much! Thanks for giving that lovely feeling! Much love... GG. <3
ldm to the lag for mobile this epic
gg!
GG's.
Claim here before daily here ====>
I think the black particles really take away from the atmosphere. Otherwise nice job.
Made in 8 hours? This is amazing! Great Job!
bugged?
Amazing!
omg amazing level in recent
dont lie, you thought it said killbot at first
love this level so much
YOU SAID HOLD..
aye, someone who loves sync as much as i do
so bad arrow placement
why cant i hit the gravity portals at 68%
the ball transition was a little weird the 1st time i got there but the level is amazing
daily!!!
Like if you can' t make this in 8 hours. how could you. (:
+1 song in my playlist
anya: my favorite creator
why 90% bug the orbs not line up
im absolutely in love with this level
whats wrong with the orbs
ill smack you backwards
This hits different when you just woke up.
gotta love that unsightreadability  (god that words long)
Those are some mighty physics breaking saws you got there
m.
why is the firstpart meant to kill obidient people
why is rob rating levels with ass in the name i thought this game was 4+
lol is lol backwards
do some first cp rates, im interested to see who becomes a creator
Sick
So this is aproppriate but Peenos isnt
Assolutely amazing
where da first cp rate at
Pass: 909073
Assbackwards 
GG! 299 attempts :)
Showcasing this looks like noclipping a normal level. Nice work :)
This level is the embodiment of standing up too fast after playing gd for too long
GG! :)
ass gameplay. says it in the name
SO
el men que sale de la basura:    so
so
so
sobadotas me das.
Nice
El payaso del circo de changos: so
OMG YUNHA COMMENT
feature
Why yall saying So am i missing something ?
Nashe
so
>;( dano
gg
Que
bellesa del mas alla
os
gg with coin
Muy bonito, pero trata de mejorar en transiciones y no poner tantos flashes wapo :3
gg
nice transition nice transition nice transition nice transition nice transition nice transition nice
they call me 007: zero playtesting, zero consistent parts, and seven blind transitions
20% - bug on 240fps
Fue un gusto participar en este nivel :)                                                           
Dios que buen nivel felicito a todos los creadores del collab hicieron un gran trabajo 10/10 :D
literalmente mi parte es la peor del nivel XD
Pass is 001212
this is dog poop
GG, Estoy orgulloso de estar en este proyecto
With love from the team ;)
pass?
this level was so good, why change it? and don't create a nother level instead?
these goofy transitions be like:
Pretty sure Baanz 1:1 reused something old from him, like I've seen that block design in 10 other levels
Re-uploaded in NGTofficial
really solid level
nice transition
Update by NGT
deverias arreglar ls transicion del ufo al cubo 
that transition sucks!
Thanks for the free coins =)
Not bad, but the drop part lacks of intensity and the black screen at the end is too long.
i feel bad bc i know rob is only gonna feature but you put so much effort into the art.
SECRET WAY
uh what the beginning there is a bug where you can skip 88% of the level
happy life, died on secret way lmao
Secret way in 5%
Hmmm Noice secret way
me ilusione por un momento xd (secret way)
you should really add spikes on the bottom of the level, lol
no use secred way :(
secret way lol
i saw a secret way then died at 88% lol
GG All Coins :).
gg
free coins
lmao free coins
oh nnooo why you kill me in secret way xd
Grande regalando las Coins :3
when i started the level i paniced and jumped before i should have and landed on the ground & lived
There's no squid game reference.
anyone else playing on mobile?
oh lol. I'll fix secret way soon
accidently got to a secret way
The unintended file secret_way.xd has been successfully deleted.
this is the hardest normal ive seen..
If you see squid game reference You watch squid game to much
and this normal?
secret way at 8% lmao
Awesome
this comment is hacked you can like it infinitely.
why everyone is like "omg squid game ailsdjfgbdhg,mk"?
how could you miss a clear secret way at 7% lol
*bottom text*
who came from evw
why tf did you guys need a secret way on a 3* anyway
GG! Highly decorated level ;)
@jjstar489 sex victor*
I just love how like the title and song are just the opposet of each other its cool
10,000 stars!!!
People who think its going to be rated ->
Not bad
really clean ! thanks for using my song ! ;)
Thank you so much for Dedication in this level, Much Love <3
Lets go!
featured :)
GG!
Gg Beat it first try Noice
Pretty solid! Loved this :)
totalmente epico :D
Cool looking level! :)
GG! :)
GG
GG! :)
GG
gg
nice level :)
1 att
chido
Nice
Coins: 22% hit the orb, 33% get the key, 86% fly up
Neat design :3
sonar 2021
2nd coin click 3 times as soon as you be come ufo (like please)
GG!! 4000 User Coins :D
gg nice and easy 3 star :)
Nivel hermoso uff 10/10
love it but how to get second coin
i hope this is next daily
like for song
my first level after 3 months. also my cat's name is yuumi lol
ez
Wow. Beautiful!
yay i love yuumi
a
gameplay is awesome!
GG 21.3K Stars :)
3 att xd gg
Super retro and just plain awesome! The music fits this level very well! :)
good level i like
This very solid and I like it
for collect the 1st coins, you must collect star orb at 3%, hidden orb at 10%, and gold orbs at 29%
first coin: touch the trigger down at 3%, at 9% touch the trigger up with ship and 29% circle trigg
Very clean and clear gameplay, truly enjoyable :)
Thanks to heda for fixing the unlisted bug that got at this level! :)
Really good
Unlisted bugged :|
Oh my God. This is EXACTLY how I wish I could build.
1st coin: Collect a star at 3%, then collect a shiny triangle 9%, then collect a mini coin at 29%.
Like if the gameplay is easy to read.
lovely art and a good job of making it sightreadable too
epic as aeria ;)
aye
rob. why isnt this epic
I love this models
fun fact: the lyrics are a conversation between a frantic scientist and her escaped creation
GG 1  Coin
GG 109 att 1 coin
L A G
beautiful level
Nice one, sent :)
if this gets second top comment ill chop my wang off
nice level :)
Whenever you feel useless, remember that rainbow blocks exist
me looking at a mirror: :-) | (-: :rorrim a ta gnikool em
"like if you are a mobile user"
Star Rate??!
chuchito lo mueve bien rico en el modo creador xd mal pensados xd
GG 24 attemp thanks friend :)
if you are a threat to the peace, then the peace would appear threatened.
yoo those free coins were delicious! GG
Hi daily :)
3 likes and i get sent to hell and burn for eternity
i will remind you of it to let you know that milk bags should be erased
u are mobile user?  click here---------------------->
ratatoullie faps to joe biden
Hermoso! :3
guys game vote for me to play minecraft = like / fortnite = dislike choose wisely
Like this comment if you suck
Lindo
the first part is almost EXACTLY the same as my level "Letdown". same movements and colours even :/
first part is stolen from Letdown by Daivrt
cant wait for this to get unrated    : D
Who said u have to put a trash ass robot in the middle
inspired by Daivrt "Letdown" level 
Apex Legends
this level is such a -letdown-
wow this is like REALLY unoriginal
this is not the same as daivrt, just take a look slowly :)
im gonna predict the future this will get unrated.
i love how the creator said this was inspired by letdown after they got called out lol
the 1% coin tho
more like apex legends
hi anyone pls add me i need friend :3
Legends
like
AAAAAA CYKA BOMBIT BLYAT!!! KAKOI DOLBAEB ETO OTPODYE I3 PREIZPODNI DELAL??!!!
1234567890-=[098765432wq12345678i9op[]poiuy76t5r4e
 
I legend
which drug is this level supposed to represent
I reallt like this level and i hope it gets featured...             skamteborard
nice seeing a modern take on 1.8 roller coaster levels :)
interesting to see one of these levels in 2.1
this is the first time someone took one of my level names
do yoy skamtebord ..
fun level! thank you geometry dash camera from cooperating
why am i able to do nothing for like half of the level
"hey tony whats up?"    "skamtebord"
uhm 4-5 star??
Here's the reason you shouldn't do drugs.
skamtebord
why is this so fun
4* imo
if you know what youre doing in this level youre playing it wrong
GG 2 coins :)
Having ridden a skamtebord before, I can attest to the fact that this is a very similar experience
THIS IS AWESOME!!!
this is a fun little gimicky level, I like it :)
meme level
in Russia, RobTop doesnt rate levels. Levels rate robtop! Kinda... wack, huh?
this is SO CLEAN, nice job
Wack, absurd even. Crazy if you will. Preposterous, if it pleases you. Unordinary, some might say.
if this gets third top comment, im eating my fridge
sometimes i drink toilet water when i wake up thristy
like begging is lame
Finally, not an Insane daily level..
this comment section pretty wack dude
its funny how we chat in the commets
i got rejected today.. but at least i got gd..
Hello, folks. Hey, what are you doi- ARRRRRRGHHHHH THE TOMATOESSSSSSSSS NOOOOOOOO
proud to be dreamphobic
new fav from you. love the transitions and diversity in ideas. i see new things every attempt!!
electronic music after either being the coolest thing youve ever heard or complete utter dog shit
and yes.. im having a bad day i lost one of my friends in school due to a battle of covid RIP seth
i am sorry for all the pain you have experienced from getting beaten by demons soviet russia players
sugoma balls
1 like= 1 pound of dog barf thrown on a karen
babe.... im sorry.... my dark side just took over.... lets erp....
Thats Wack  my Guy
people always say, "like if on mobile" but nobody ever says, "like if on chromebook"
People trying to dislike the liked comments to get top comment
pass: 045789 like?
fun fact:every level in GD has a secret way,you just need mega hack
squid game is cringe
boys stop growing at around 18
my brother is crying over stereo madness lmao
mald
if this gets bottom comment, i will not be top comment
You want to hear a joke? Look up 2.2 release date.
Like for 1000000 cookies  :D
like los que hablan espaol
32.7K user coins. GG
As an American, I think Americans are a social construct and aren't real.
reunanse aqui los del 94
imagine not showering daily
oh right i forgot the usa just forgot about public transport when designing cities
imagine thinking your country is better than everyone elses lmao
like if your playing on samsung refrigerator lite
step 1) be me | step 2) hypothetically buy a playstation | step 3) figure out wtf i would play
hey gang, just wanted to give a little reminder that toxicity =/= criticism in case anyones acting weird in here
i want some cheeseburgers just to eat. im talkin ketchup, my n mustard on the beat. you gotta have a
im so dead i got flagged as spam LMFAO
might be rate worthy
Finally some of your potential came out.. Pretty good overall :) My only complaint is gameplay
visually definitely your best, but the gameplay leaves a lot of room for improvement.
thank you everyone!! <3
ooooh i love my wiiiiife she is so fine AGH
188,000 Stars! Amazing level, GG! :)
extreme grinders and twitter users with zero self control, how surprising
easiest hard demon but the spider spam is CANCER
There it is
This would be a 9* if the spiders weren't so buggy
epic
"I don't need friends, They don't wanna see someone like me doing better than them"
This is so beautiful. Far and away your best work :)
dope
On May 2022  Creator leaderboard = #1 YunHaSeu #2 BraedenTheCroco #3VipRin
gg fun lvl (except the last spider)
Someone disliked all the comments :( I liked all exept mine.. litlle help? 
me omw to brazil
i took the car
mirror portals that dont interfere with the gameplay? i like it.
Gameplay doesnt have to sync it only gets featured if the deco sync is good lol
I will always remember this lvl. I beat it the day my girlfriend broke up with me. :((((
Im going to say the n word                                                                   nepesta
pretty cool actually
OK
that is so stressful xD Great job and I liked this!
:D
Fluke 23-100.
I actually enjoyed this. Simple but very original
ok but im already in brazil
Its good, just really repetitive... the sync could have also used some work as well..
Para mi GD es mas que un juegito de un cubito, es un pasatiempo, un hermoso pasatiempo :3
funny how every rated level i have got rated when i was asleep lol
bug at 92% fixed
first bi.. tch
im GOING TO BRAZIL!?!?!
funne
-Burger King Approved-
KFC Aprooves
Code is 226396 for those who want to practice. :)
like this comment if you have ever played goat simulator
GG! :)
::goats can only like this comment::
why does this lag?
GG!.. 10k.. yesssssssssss
YOOOOO BURGER KING
the one attempt i dont go for the coins..........
aww was going to say first
golovka shluxa zhopa chlen eblan petux
OMEGALUL 99%
GG! :) 178 Attempts! Cool gameplay and jump at the end, 1 time died there! Very fun level!
banger, really enjoyed playing this :)
Awesome level man :)
why is this lagging so much
Congratulations Nighteye! :^)
i like your style
unbalanced
boring and unenjoyable to play
gg, very bad transitions, very boring and garbage gp, not fun
Boring and unenjoyable level... Also I don't like slow gameplay, that's so hard
Honestly, this isnt all that great. The gameplay is rather boring, while the deco is generic. Sorry.
Trying to not fall asleep makes this level harder
1st coin, jump at 5% | 2nd, jump at 46% b4 the wave | 3rd,Gradually Go Down,At76% In The Ship
very bad
cool
i hate this
Idk for what reason, but i kinda like this lvl, you can disagree with me, but it`s mine opinion, yeah transition is bad, but i like it!
very boring and sucks
slow
help the guy prove his gp, its really better than trashing it :/
Am I the only one who liked this? GG
Nice level Zinht
gg 8 attempts 3 coins
bruh it looks like dubstep should be playing
buen gameplay
h
Fun level
it looks amazing, but its brightness is a lot over the limit, at least for me. other than that, hot!
actually crazy
Woah this is HOT
this is so gas
wonderful level! very unique 
come on rob. this deserved epic. i REALLY don't understand your rate system. please explain it to us
read it as deltarune and got excited lol
Like si estas antes del featured :D
Amazing!!!
why is this not epic
Like si eres fan de nexus :D
the dual is soooo anoying omg
i love the song
i thought this said deltarune
Well-deserved epic :)
GG! :)
cool but gotta say its unbalanced
Rate this   now
Awesome level :)
:D
I said it once and ill say it again, All 9* are easy demons
GODZILLA!! like if you are fan
Don't you hate when Taco Bell?
<3
Like for Godzilla. Like for Kong. Dislike for Ants
I love godzilla moves! <3
Absolutely legend
animatronics III hype
get hired by xender games right now
this comment is hacked if you like this the number right of the thumb will go up one
where is the LDM??
nice level, add a mechagodzilla boss fight and like this comment if u watched godzilla vs kong
like if you like godzilla.
proximamente: mecha king kong by GordoGD
ldm?
please add low detail mode. Very laggy
proximamente mecha king kong by GordoGD
i guess people don't think of mobile players when making levels anymore 
like cuz my hampster died :((
A huevo,aqui los TEAM GOZILLA           \ ^0^ /
LMFAO WHAT
this is NOT a 6 star
first
la peor parte del nivel, la orbe esta mal puesta
8-9 stars robtop. have you been drinking again
me likey
7 stars?
there is some easy demons easier than this but gg
insane
RopTop has been underating so many levels this week, ive encountered a couple of hard 5 stars.
en el 50% la llave para la User Coin
fun but def not 6 stars imo
i strongly disagree with this being just 6 stars
how is this a 6 star!?
100 likes, and i eat fortnite
rob, if you seriously think this is a 6* you need help
this seems pretty hard for a 6 star...
cool!
gg :')
la verdad para ser un harder 6 tiene muchas partes incomodas la verdad no me gusta 2/10
i don't like the description
this description reeks of racism
black icon users sweating nervously rn
Great concept and level at all. Literally 6 stars without invisible icons.
98% of comments are literally saying that the description is racist lol
the phantom is the best minecraft mob
Did i drink an invisible potion of minecraft! WHHYYY! 
Bro I didn't even get to play it I just downloaded it.
Invisible mode: ON
For the 3rd coin go to the pad at the dual and then take the keys in the wave parts
32.3K user coins, GG! :)
im not racist btw
Minecraft invis with armor be like...
So good
wait this is so good
this is the best lvl i have ever played
liberals on their way to mald about the description in le video game
Beat with all black icons just cuz I can ;)
1 att gameplay cringe
really cool
Without discord this masterpiece would have never of existed! :)
I love this level
Cool :)
gg 1 attempt
gg 1 att
Thx for dedication!
battle of the discord
gg 1 att this should be 4 or 5 star
"Wumpus is waiting for you friend"
pxTito debe estar muy feliz con esa dedicacion
Wumpus
gggg! thx for dedication bro!
I like levels made in honor of someone or something!
I fluked it from 0
Wumpus is too cute, I can't fight them umu
yess GG
Gracias por la dedicacion :)
GG!!
1 att
discord 
Kris, Get the Bananna!
Ok Theres Nothing Wrong With Him Hes Just Annoying
sent to robert
No way this is only featured
Gg 123456st star
potassium
This is really nice! Being a butler is hard work though.
This [Level] is rated [$9.99] out of 10
oh my god i  am ejavulating everuywhere i love this 
I Only Play Mobile Games
BABE WAKE UP NEW [NukeIIX] LEVEL
kris get the banana
@NukeIIX I think this level is really awesome, no matter what rating it got! :)
gamers dont die, they respawn
this level makes me so happy wooo
POTTERY NOT RESPECTED
[ BIG SHOT ]
Kris, where the hell are we
ahhh oh well thanks rob
im complete deltarune chapter 2
sequel: "panik"- extreme demon by Libann
sick level. i could see this getting verified. i love the vibe
Nice
K
Libann destroyed my part in ldm :(
GG! All coins! :)
this is pog
6.5K STARS... GG! :)
Clam
Update: nerfed Arrownote's part and fixed 93% bug
Lihat ada koin aja langsung panik
go rate SimpliFy by Libann
Thank you :')
evw played this level
@BabaIsMe sorry ;-; its fixed now
gracias por la moneda (:
EVW anyone?
GG all coins :)
chill vibes
(the spider is invisible)
pretty horrendous gameplay
the gameplay sucks
why did it said "onichan" at the start? LOL
trash gameplay
its just randomly turns into a cube wtf dude >:(
not bad, however it often turns into a cliche. Vitally, hehee
unreadable
gg, worst 5* i ever played, horrible gp, bad transitions and random moving objects, invisible portals and gameplay
gahh those black shadowy platforms look like decoration!
This is so cool! Gameplay was a little weird in spots but overall I loved this :)
this is how many times I died at 69420% -->
bad level, i can't see gp
So hard to read
10 minutes on a 5*,this level is bad
The gameplay is horrible.
h
Gg!!!TopNum137:)
problems, half of the time i can't read it, gameplay is unclear, some arrows aren't even placed
bad gameplay
bien hecho :)
coin 1: 17%, go up. coin 2: 47%, miss blue orb. coin 3: 90%, top structure
Nice
ty for delete custom orbs option
shut up.
This level is great but how could you frick up this bad on visibility
100th like but its friday
Level: Monday   Song: Sunday    Hotel: T r i v a g o
messed up two times and got 2 coins instead, most forgiving lvl ever xD
ok
if you dont like the custom objects turn the damn custom objects off like tf
Neat
Omg wow those effects were tremendous, dude. I really love it. Keep up the good work man
Level Name: Monday.  Song Name: Sunday.  Level Date: Thursday. ?????????
its actually sunday
el nivel se llama monday y tiene una musica llamada sunday (domingo)
Oops te equivocaste de dia,xD
very good level 
GG my new favourite level but only 1 coin sadly
cool
:)
okok tomorrow I will find a low star daily for all you nubs out there.
i have never had a top comment but i dont want my first to be this
guys i got 1st place in my martial arts tournament :D
dont you hate it when your balls itch in school?
Like If Your Not Gay
like this comment if you want me to break into your house
guys should I ask my cru sh out
Bro it was red and black for .000009000008282 seconds rate extreme rub
everybody ignored me :(
elder mods watching an R rated TV show and thinking "he would be permabanned for this in GD"
Like if you hate it when you accidentally commit mass genocide in 3 major cities in Nicaragua
WHY SO MANY DAILY INSANES?!??!
guys im recording for youtube rn
F
Snow!!!!!!
2.2 is comming christmas (educated theory not fact)
i will hurt heda's ego with a radius of TREE(229)
stinky  Burger
elder malds when someone breathes but they cant ban them irl
impossible on mobile
the scariest thing about this level is suffering a seizure from dying
is this bowsders castle
the coins are on a downward slope at 64% and they're 1 pixel big
i presonally dont really like the flashing lights and its feels more like an 8*. cool lvl tho
"i play fortnite and drink cola yippeee"
i forgor i had the arcturus song downloaded and was so confused when the music stopped at 30% lol
why tf the coins 1 pixel big
most importantly, she's love with the concept
bro this should be a insane
if sammaxx was evil:
rip
aber cola ist nur fuer erwachsene und fortnite ist ab 12 :(
wtf congregation is so different
pretty cool but that flicker mask should definitely toggle off on death
magic tab bruh
i went splat
wtf is this level discription bro
ayyy glad to see it's finally on your main :)
Ceru drinks cola now. Thats nice
6 star, more like 8 star imo
maybe i'll get inside the stadium someday
the ball was going out why did they hit it
This is exactly how to play ping pong.
harder than tartarus
pingas pongas
This level is awesome, I should get some popcorn
updated to remove a bug and made it so you cant spam and win lol
TUMBA
This is how ping pong works, i am a ping pong phd student
this was just so frustrating to play, some clicks would require random precise timings
extreme demon
incoming dunderpatrullen takeover of geometry dash
based and red pilled
my ping is low :)
Space pong
GG it already is the next overused song
CHUPA CHUPA PINGA
cool, i wish i could be able to focus on the visuals more than just a bar with lines going across
the most intense game of ping pong
Practicing PING PONG on a subwoofer level is my passion :D GG! 3 Atts
at first of the song I thought I was getting rick rolled LOL
Playtesters/early access: mels, nikce, ares, yungtrue, cheese, zhak, aleiz21, troxxp1, peter
hold in 12% for the coin :D
cool
Geometry dash
noice ;)
Rick Roll
fonts by ilrell
Never gonna give you up
how do elder mods know immeadiately when a new level by a mod is out
Pass: 002112. Move to top
ciao heda :D
a bit lacking in the end but really nice :)
OH
23,000 user coins
vivan los perritos
lol at firet i thought was rickroll
the levels finr but heda made it so i hate it.
rebeat now with coin
Really cool! Thanks for letting me playtest <3
hi
let's go
maybe one of my favorite levels youve made. amazing job moffer. you always impress me :)
Fun and sightreadable gameplay! :)
Nice
GG!
therss a bug at the gravity switch
1att c-:
neat, i think outlawmz finished the same epi level lol
yo gg
1
Amizing level:)
Gg me gusta el jamon
Fun level and cool and unique deco, super cool level! 3/3
nice
well gg
1 att
#savethethrees :)
gg 1 att, super fun! :)
cool modern level :)
like this comment to get better at geometry dash
Nice one, sent :)
Kinda wack compared to your other works.
i love these backgrounds but desingns could even be better. Sent for rate !
1st coin: 12%, 2nd: there's invisible jump orb in gravity portal, 3rd: 97%
Cool level, sent :)
congrats on your first cps man :D
no sce so e skaje e parmijiano
JustRome kekw
gg 1 att 2 coins. Didn't knew how to get 2th coin :(
GG All Coins.
GG 30k Stars!!!!! :DDD
I like this tbh
Really chill!
this is very easy '-'
fine i suppose
free coins lesgooo
@picaaaa he has 60+cp what are u talking about
awesome colors, wish it was more dynamic and varied though
I LOVE THIS STYLE!!
can be a bit messy at times but overall decent
Decent looking colors, though I dont think they capture the imtensity of the song.
2nd coin: 50%    3rd coin: 65%   enjoy! ;)
Thx to: Arturlist - AleKiiGD - NRGyX - Adriantrk and you ;3
GGGGGG!!!! GRACIAS A TODOOOS ENSERIO LOS QUIEROOO :D
Hermosos artes y decoraciones me encantan mucho tus niveles,GG =)
good level
I like game play
Vengo del feis XD
Ola, ya termine de llorar ahora espero el featured.
Epic level :D
why would you make ldm only for the first 80% of the level its so dumb...
cool stuff fellas
Thanks for the invitation _ It turned out very well, this deserves stars
GG All Coins. Thanks to SpeddKar for the 3rd coin :).
Robtop rate this level 
gg
GG
Gameplay kinda annoying , cool concept
GG and coins :)
im not good at picking names ok
Renn making levels faster than my dad walking out
first cube sucks gp wise
Very fun level, sent :)
legendary name
lol that one dude with 69 creator points be off the leaderboard
gg :)
just dont. dont even start
THIS IS SO FUN
GG 37 attempts :)
ship part was cool
GG! :D
GG
awesomeee
.
tf first cube gp sucks 
GG!
never stop creating
i hate the timing
GG
claim here your before nexus ticket ->
Pass 081121 like?
cool
Very fun, sent :)
Fun level, GG! :)
Nerfed the 23% wave
Really good level bro, sent :)
thanks rob!
fat
98k stars, GG :D
YESSIR
GG! 5 attempts :)
rate
Another good level another guy with a mcdonalds badge getting top comment
gg 7 attempts, also 32k stars :)))
about time
GG! :) 27 Attempts! Very fun level!
GG
no way this is a medium demon
How is this rated medium demon?
i really hate oraangee
Members in order: DashDude, yakone, oraangee, Pyraven, adafka, DivideNick, TheePersian, and RayZN
Every single part works so well with the song and nothing feels disconnected. Awesome job on this one :)
my school blocked cool math games
Nice
now that's an 8* worth beating
im gonna use this as an opportunity to say #advyout
comment
bye i'm gonna do homework and probably cry
Ok seriously how did you guys go from bouncin to this like, this is so consistent holy heck dude
password for level: 211108           your welcome
The wave part was cool :)
awesome level! congrats on daily :)
honestly daily chat went from people actually talking to 9-13 year olds pretending to be high
quite amazing, deserves epic imo
get this to top comment for no reason whatsoever even tho-    WAIT MY NAME IS FUNI
2.2 Comming at year 3449
ok im gonna leave you guys alone now dont do anything illegal
obviously 2 + 2 = 2 + 2.
theres one girl who does nothing in class except go on discord and do NOTHING productive
Gameplay felt confusing at points, but it looks nice :)
not every object needs to be attatched to a move trigger
Epiko :o
I like the colors and theme! I can tell what ya went for :)
La puso B))
Nice one, sent :)
i cant see a thing
Free coin :)
69 8)
a hate jump  pads in portals!!!
presenta la minita
cool level :)
looks great, i love the colors :)
love it
Esta cancion es brutal, ya sea el remix o no
omae wa mou shindeiru...
GG :)) Awesome !! ~~
k pro
like the colors
where did i get the first coin? is it free? well ty c:
Guys change the r and i in Amoris to g and u to acheive comedy gold
It's a shame there is so much copypaste. The first part was excellent, then it just dipped.
tfw you cant make ufo gameplay... cmon, seriously?
the ufo could be better than that 
hi welcome to papa johns how may i take your order
Really cool, but the ufo part gives me a feel of copy-paste.
waffaka cheknyl
First Coin: 4% in the middle of the screen. Second Coin at 52% right after the portal. Last one, 72%
deco and music is good but the gameplay is very annoying and repetitive :(
this level isnt good cuz the name isnt amogus
Nice
this is definitely one of the levels
this gameplay is annoying. the drop is repetitive, the lighting is cool though.
so unblanced
33% sucks 
whats the code i wanna make it mini
Viprin certified level
my dog was stahding on me tryna flippin lick mah face and hes still tryna do it now
Cool design, but gameplay gets very repetitive :/
Alot of parts are copy + pasted, but uhh good level I guess?
guys can i have top comment this time its unfunny
yes i had permission from waddl3
mom!! he screenshotted my NFT can you call the police on him???
mudkips are cool tho i love them
the amount of people in here that think mods can comment ban is scary
turning 18 tomorrow :) .....and you are all invited
the song name is what i have locked up in my basement ;)
Like if you dont have anything else to do, so you decided to read Daily Chat
Please do not touch the femboys
My face when my poo burns: :\______________________________________________________________________/
hello all now my birthday :) pls like my comment dont dislike pls:( ok? thank you
fnf be like wssdddssswswswswdasasswsdasaswswswssaasaawawawawawawwawawswwswswswswsdddasasaswssswsssa
Ryder is fat
Whats The Question that you can never say Yes to?              Are you Asleep Yet?
flop dont stop
LOL epic
Nobody cares about your sexuality ngl
try sitting on your phone and make it viarbrate, i did that on accident and it was so gooood.
Omg its dub: the person who commented on a yt vid i made over a year ago
deci explaining why being a girl excuses from being forced to exercise and be fit
won't even try to pronounce the name but this level slaps
mc ride more like ng ride
for those that dont know, you pronounce the name like ymthlyfymbikwhrlyf :)
im secretly homosexual but no one will know because theres too many comments
i can roll my face across the keyboard too!!! &iajzndjewkKsnnxndekwkansnznnxkskwkznxnxodpwlqmznxjxdk
yes
death grips is online
gg 267 attempts!
why the government like plates so damn much
Great level, GG! :)
beat it without cheating that was really hard. Whew!
Im gay
the level name is an acronym for the nong song lol
  mine craft ride
AUI
I h4t3 my hand >:v
stop yelling at me mr ride
average welsh town name
Jellyfish in cold sweat deep end, hollow shell twitch disconnection
worst experience ive ever had with an insane demon
This level reminds me of when you are awake past midnight I think
pretty good level, i like the wavy part at the end.
Dont tell my parents but I played on my xbox 360 past midnight on a school night
i played this level at midnight (i think
minecraft moon
nice
Who also noticed Minecraft's moon?
1 coin - 21%, between the asteroids. 2 coin - jump at 46%, 3 coin - go down at 83%. Practice first
Really cool gameplay! :)
Got the first coin by accident. Great job you two. =D
nice minecraft moon
is that a Celeste reference ??!!
minecraft moon vibes
good level
ABSOLUTE BANGER
GG!
All coins! GG ;)
Who else is up past midnight playing this?
the gp is amazingly fun, GG!!
wait am i playing minecrft or geometry dash
the ship parts are very hard compared to everything else. makes this medium demon imo
not too bad
GG Dude :))))))))))))
Ye, I think this is a very easy demon, kinda a bit too hard for a 9* :|
GG! :)
The glow effects seem overused at times but it isnt much of a problem for me. Good job :)
THIS IS SO FUN! one of my new favorite demons
CONGRATS GUYS! Glad to be top 1! :)
very unbalanced
this makes me so angry because the gp and deco by themselves are dope buy combining it is terrible
the pulses, overlays and moving structures are so distracting and the x4 speed is not a good combo
@xmartxD who is it?
GG! :) 57 Attempts! Very nice gameplay, easy to read! Very fun level, I liked it!
bro its already featured!!! could job!
Thank you.
64 attempts (A Stack)
GG :)
Confetti complete!!! Colors :i
GG! #1844, 13 attempts :)
#1575. Fun and colorful :)
0% is a literal act of terrorism and should be legal. Wow.
cowboy music sounda like a disco
man only 13 downloads and 4 likes on a featured level?
Cows n balls
Those spikes at the start have no reason to be there
i like = one less spike at the start
Cows AND BOYS
dibil?no way!!!!creator is PYCCKNN
russian creator
I Like This Level
sam dibil
6oraTbIpb
GG :)
Next level : Wash n Girls
i love that damn that's rly cool idk how to explain but be sure that u made a good work on that :d
lets face it... you died at that first triple at least once
17000 Stars! :D (11/8/21)
GG! Cool :)
7400eme stars, i love it! Gameplay is very clean! Continue like it, you know how to make good lvls:)
:)
Like: Good level        Dislike: Bad level 
mortadela con aceitunas
like if your name is not ashtyn
I CANT BELIVE IT
GG! :)
GG! :)
47 attempts (+ 3 coins). #1536
I went into discord and search the pass of the level, it's actually: 524623. x)
GG! 9 attempts :)
omg this level is so cool i love it
Rate Easy Demon
really solid level
I am for weekly demon :)
7th on the leaderboard with all three coins and 7th demon, GG 133 attempts!
Thanks youall <3
Bye NewDubsC, get out of my life
amazing level alvaro!! hope for ur first feature soon :))
GUYS THERE IS A TOGGLE THING IN THE PLATFORM WHERE IT PUTS CONGRATS ON RATE IT DISABLE FLASHES
rip  medium demon
Now it's my favorite easy demon.
its november you ape
it is a christmas level.                                                                in november.
haha well merry christmas, it's only what november 7th
the timing of this level's release is like seeing christmas advertisements in october
Cool :)
thanks everyone for the constant support 
dudes, if you look at my profile it'll tell you why this is up 
oh a christmas level                                    wait its november
merry christmas but its not even thanksgiving
GG! 114k stars =)
merry christmas, but its november
why are you playing christmas music in november? YOU ARE NOT WELCOME HERE, GET OUT OF MY HOUSE!!
it's december now. We should be getting a valentines day level soon. :D
i wonder what month it is, oh hold on let me go read through the comments..
Excelente Nivel , pero estamos en noviembre :v
why is that not featured
Are you kidding me right now?
epic. im making a xmas lvl too but its not as good
me encanta la navidad! EPIC lvl :)
so. . . good
go help your mom with the dishes
interesting gp and design. rate worthy
this has the most original gameplay ive seen in a while, congrats, sending later to mods
hee hee
amazing
GG! :)
I PASSED IT BUT I WASNT RECORDING JWIWJWNSNDJDN
sent for feature by dasher3000!
441 attempts. 1,000 demons. I couldn't have picked any better level for this milestone, GG!
pretty fun once learnt
the same song used for a 3* is used on an insane demon, cool
548 att, really tough but actually quite enjoyable
gerald is looking at you
GG 957 atts!!!! 3 insane demons!!!! LETS GOOOOO Video on my YouTube!!!!!! :D
gg best insane in the game
NOOOOOOOOO
i still do not understand the last click
Gerald is
good game bro
dead
Maps like this makes this game demotivating
hrm.. weird gameplay. good deco. good song. overall, 7/10.
who told you that this gameplay was a good idea to keep
PASENCEPESITO
No one's gonig to take me aliiiive... Time has come to make things riiiight ...
grrrr the balance is frustrating the hell out of me
can't see a shit
bad gp tbh
frustrating
23.100 stars lol
level is okay, but last 30% is some of the worst gameplay i've ever seen. 81% transition doesn't need to be there
garbage terrible horrible trash gameplay. I've seen levels in the recent tab better then this.
Gg
cool nice level
gameplay needs work
Looks kinda cool, but the gameplay can improve! :)
what
the gp is eh
GG Finally.
GG :)) ~~ I love This Color !!
!!?!!?!!?!?!?
not abandoned not abandoned not abandoned not abandoned not abandoned not abandoned not abandoned
Ok, this is an incredible recreation, hats off
i love how theres poop coming out of the front deers butt
i find it funny seeing the people who haven't played castle crashers confused about the front deer
Like if you on mobile
4fps player ==>
*comment describing how epic this level is*
tip for coin: use your shadow to help line up for the doorways
awesome
low detail mode please?
I hacked this comment so you can like it twice ;)
what the front deer doin
like for castle crasher!
awesome recreation
rip mobile players
I Love Castle Chrashers!!!
gg nice minigame, could have been better if we were told what p1 and p2 does at the start
this is so cool :)
2 fps en mi celular del gobierno :)
 
gotta get down on friday
the hardest part of playing this level is trying not to cum over the deco
i swear if i hear "OmG iSt A fRiDeE nItE fUnkN rEfEnCE!!1" i will slaughter 10 cows
guys whatever you do die at 98 PLEAE die at 98
ladies and gentlemen, the weekend
you should probably consider remaking the entire slope gp part, it's so broken and bad
Died at 98 out of curiosity, my lawyers will be in contact shortly.
Good opinion: This level is shit (gameplay: -10/10 deco: 3/10 balance: -20/10)
pass: 003045
Im like oh look, decent GP at the first 20% then after 20 the GP is disgusting. Please fix :)
gameplay is desbalanced and horrible
gameplay feels like im swimming throuh molten tar, but my eyes are gouged out and i have no legs.
im sorry this gameplay is really annoying
It's Monday now.
this plays like monday
GG! :)
hype
this is so cool wtf
medium demon, but congrats on weekly endev!
7000 Stars and 1000 User Coins! Lets Go, THX You all! :)
very cool! first victor lol
Squidward
can creators stop making some coins only be possible in high detail, its very annoying
the beginning is really cool
XD
i just die to see the death effect 
not the like if comments
That Squidward Death Screen will haunt my dreams
i just kill myself at every new part just to see what the new death effect is lol
I THOUGHT I WAS GETTING A COIN DDDDDDD::::::::
I hate this so much
Geps..?
gg
cool designs
great song and gp
beautiful.
very fun
The death pixel art is a 10/10
Thank you for the forgiving transition into the wave.
top comments in 2017: "lIkE iF yOuR nAmE iSn'T Joe!"
GG's. 2 Coins! Sick level man! This looks so clean! Tysm for the dedication! <3
Coin 1 : up at 10% --- Coin 2 : down at 60% then coin at 67% -- Coin 3 : Up at 80% then coin at 82%
a man has fallen for a man in lego city
dislike if gd is bad
Hello daily chat people reading this comment! You are awesome! I think many people need to see that.
like for robtop, dislike for nornide, ignore for hackers
AYO THANK U ROB
WHAT I HAVENT SEEN A LIKE IF COMMENT
GD community: when 2.2         Robtop: Yes
Soy el Unico que habla espanol ._. 
cool level
NNN will be so much easier for you once you get over your hetnai addiction
original_comment.mp3
like if gd is good
im gonna head off to bed yall. dont do anything too stupid lol. and thank you all once again!
if this get 10 likes, i will give you bunch of cookies. no hoax :)
Yea, people who use greyscale color will have the level look kinda dull unfortunately
im colonel...im on war time. join me in the geometry dash civil war as we fightfor 2.2 rights and gd
anybody else bored?
this is very pretty.
Astonishing.
GG! 116 attempts :)
apel'sin
Thank you so much for letting me playtest this beauty
i don't care about the nong why is this not epic
bulgarian loves this level
minor visibility update: 0-15, 30-40 and 60-100 are a bit more visible now
I never loved the letter "U" in the first place
GG! :)
cute
AGAINST ALL LOGIC = NICHOLAS JARR
my uncle still doesnt care :(
Consider my jaw dropped
Visuals look amazing and all but this gameplay is pretty annoying ngl
what every girl said to me in high school
Epic skywalker, i gave a like :)
I love this level so much. Also beaten with KrmaL icons cuz y not
WOAH its Wulzy quality effects
GG! :)
bEAUTIFUL
Awesome level i cumed
my part in this is OBJECTIVELY the best part in any level to hit the servers
APTeam went silent as soon as Fawxus part dropped
I Just Want To Take A Moment To Thank StinkyBurger For Making This Whole Level And Letting Me Upload
i wonder who made the beginning they must be super hot & sexy
this was very fun to build, thank you pinecones
i think this level will get rated on November 4th, 2021
the first part is heaven on earth shut up
i'm so invested in this story, i got so happy when charles reappeared
you will be pleased to know that there are no urchins in this level
everyone thinks it's really funny to poke fun at the beginning until fawxu burns your house down
COINS: 1st - Jump after becoming a mini at 35%. 2nd - Down at 49%. 3rd - Fly in the middle at 69%.
going upstairs in a chinese building full of chinamen and saying "the one with the black hair!"
seriously this level is perfect in every way possible 
The beginning is the best part of the level
TROLLGE TRENCH.
pinecones
the fact that pine managed to make fawx's part make sense is astounding to me literally how
GD 2021 Awards | Best Collab Part: Fawxu's Part in TROLLGE TRENCH by Pinecones - Viprin & RobTop
that spike kinda rude ngl
Coins: 6% in the slopes, 37% in a mini platform and in the 61% please like
The gameplay defines the title
my eyes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Try to use a different effect other than just flashbangs literally every 2 seconds.
can you stop flashing everything so bright dude not everyone has eyes of steel
dude
:)
bruh the 73 jump is way more tight than a hard level
El final esta un poco flojo en cuanto decoracion y gameplay, el resto no esta nada mal.
i love that song
ill marry her anyways
rude commemt
Gg
mini wave kinda hard
Ok!!!TopNum200:)3Coins
good level friend ^-^
This level it's so good ^^/
very nice
bro
can i get 11 likes to get top comment? maybe?
trumpet vibes
how did I miss a new Renn level
petition for a renn-ovdfo collab
like this comment for nothing
jump at 97 like in time machine, there'll be a yellow orb, tap it for coin
gonna make an unoriginal comment by saying "dorami comment below omg!!!!!!!"
idk what im doing
@Edooox same, and ur levels too
this lvl is so good but the song makes me have diarrea
G
Me neither
this deco style is hella cool
b
like if you thought that the renn was an obstacle
this song slaps
youre telling us you got featured level on accident?
;)
i hate this lvl and i dont know why i finished it
how did this get featured
i'm sad most levels here in awarded section have one thing in common and that is bad gameplay :(
very nice  :) 4 star tho.
5 stars, gameplay sucks, im having a seizure from the flashes
my eyes are doing moonwalks
amigo... esto es harder 6*
A bit messy in some parts, and the gameplay can be improved
Had to sacrifice an eye for this level but it was well worth it! :)
gotta love those colors
horrible gameplay.
bien se acabo la epilepcia espero les guste mas esta version
love the buggy gameplay <333
shit
very cool looking,unfair gameplay
if you like I will eat my hat
Fun :)
Sick level :)
8 cps gg vamos por mas :') 
definitely not 4*
186,000 Stars, GG! :)
Enviado :)
hey robtop if you are reading this give trollge trench daily for a troll
super neat level that picks up as it goes on. i lik. e :D
no offense, but i dont like the gp
GG With Coin. For Coin: Spam starting at 26%.
this gp is funky but also straight forward its weird 
gg 12 attempts
15000 stars :)
8 att gg
gg 1 att lol
.
somehow sightread the entire level... gg 6 attempts
GG
nice!
mashinima ?
64 atts / 5000+ jumps / 20 minutes
:)
GG fun after learning
That last jump scares me every time
Nice :)
smash and a bash
AMAZING GAMEPLAY AND COLORS AND EVERYTHING
this is AWESOME, great job guys
144hz bug at 36
wow jay murdered me at 4% very cool
wtf so cool
i didnt know crazen made music
This need epic featured right now!
I see no reason this shouldn't be epic
great atmosphere, good colors, and really fun gameplay! i think it deserves epic :)
thank you for helping me with my tricipital problem
glad i was able to playtest this! jay did an amazing job
gg :D, the best shade i've see
GG 6000 stars o yeeeeh)
thx!
first!
Great gp, especially the last part. Just annoying that 36% is bugged on 144hz : p
awsome level
Amazing theme, execution, colors, atmosphere, transition and gameplay. Awesome level :0
this is incredibly fun
This is the best 8 star I've seen recently, and I've been playing a lot of them
I dislike most of songs with lyrics used in gd but nice level overall :)
1like = 1like
robert topala
maybe if there were more than 7 different words in the song it would be enough to keep me sane
u know u won when u get the daily at 10 likes
eat your vegetables
This level is really cool I wish the song wasn't total garbage
im sending a nuclear device to your location
Your not suppose to end the level with spikes, your suppose to end it with the name or GG >:(
give me 2 likes for a top comment
song sounds like a 4 yr old turned autotune on and cant turn it off
bruh
How to die: Step 1: Die
i made some changes: now the arrows doesn't look like spike and i fixed the mispelling.
like if your name isn't sean1514
kyroshi i love the meaning you tried to give to the name
robert i got my toe stuck in tye doorjamb
I love when lyrics don't cover the gameplay, good job :)
let it go! let it go! let that p e enis go o  o  o  o      o             o
btw i have to go, it was nice seeing that the daily chat is not always toxic, byee
this is your brain on drugs.
Wow I love this!!!
why did you put an arrow here
please build more based on whatever comes to your mind because this is so cool
Gameplay is some unpredictable, deco is feature worthy. My rate - 6/10. Good!
I feel like rate standards are getting lower
im mexican,and the song is not mexican,i want my money back
this is great, levels shouldnt need to be overdetailed for rating. love this level
GG 4000 stars :D
wow
gg :)
Nice, also is that XXXTENTACION I hear in the back in the mini ball part at the start?
c
GG 16.200 stars 11/11/21 =)
i like it
Why the gameplay is soo good after the memory part
why the f good comments are disliked, whats the fun of it
amazing
GG (16,000 stars and 1,000 demon keys!!
hermoso
like for yunhaseu14 dislike for viprin
it was very good to collaborate with you! this looks beautiful tbh.. GG!
#YunForTop1
1 attempt gang where you at?
GG gomita
Daily?
Like that funky deco and colors :D surely featured....
GG Good level! 1 att Please like if you play mobile
can you like this comment with your nose?
Celestial level
nice level
Awesome Collab :)
no puedo creer que este sujeto haya echo un collab con esa castrosa 
i love Yunhaseu levels
Made by two creators that I admire a lot, it's very relaxing to play.
who else thinks yunhaseu should be nub 1 creater
Nice Level :D
love your levels. you make great spider gameplay
like for FIDADOS
buena colaboracion ikaira
i love hu tao like if you agree
your best for sure, 2/10 :)
Genshit Impact
yo some people down bad asf in this comment section
I feel immense shame uploading this
decent but i gotta dock some points for sparksomega being in it
whem the imact is genpshin
you're done. you're done.
I hope beating this level will give me luck to pulling her
Disclaimer, I did not make the kiba coin
fun fact most genshin impact players don't know: the age of consent is 18 years old.
nice level, but unfortunately 74.18.110.62
i love hu tao
:hutaolaugh:
Hu Tao supremacy
shameful
this isnt free robux generator
GG 3 Coins :)
This level is a war crime
i love 13 yr old girls, oops
thanks for letting me verify!
hard demon my ass this is either easy extreme or insane
woo christmas!!!
HARD DEMON? HARD DEMON? THIS A FUC* INSANE DEMON
GG! :)
hypothermia
fluked from 26% :)
Christmas freedom08
who's bernal and why are you saying Hi to him
I swear to god, bring this back to insane demon
Why am i still the only victor lol, also this is a really consistent level and really fun.
insane demon for sure
Pass 101193
I hear nexus practicing this level...
GG Very fun demon
@achromaticgmd skill issue
GG! 266 attempts :)
Glad to say this was my 100th Demon! GG!
insane demon 
fluke from 20. cool level!
100% LOVE SQUID GAME!
why did you make it good tho ?
Imagine getting a spoiler by a fricking square game
who from nexus :) 
Masterpiece!!! but... where's my money?
pass is 0456 like that others can see! :)
Sae byeok
Like if you were her before this got rated
petition for rate here ----------------->
yeah well, sorry for eventual spoilers :/
Get your ''before rated'' ticket here
WHY IS THIS FIRE
*me on mobile spamming with all fingers*
wheres my 45.6 billion won :(
why does nexus always makes it so easy wtf
like if youre here before featured :) ->
Awesome
Like if you from Nexus GD
just watcbed nexus gd play it. looks cool ;)
umm, yeah, easy demon maybe? kthx
6th attempt of requesting cow themed level
I DIED AT 95 THREE TIMES oh my god i need to learn to pay attention
absolutely unreadable and crappy gameplay
and when i saw a decent level,you just had to ruin it by doing this
and when I saw a decent level, you just had to ruin it by doing this
and when I saw a decent level, you just had to ruin it by doing this
como que "uwu" joto de mierd4
and when i say a decent level you just had to ruin it by doing this
i got rated
this isnt even close to bad why are people complaining so much
dont you f*cking uwu at me
bro. the gameplay is shit
and when i saw a decent level, you just had to ruin it by doing this
oh it's a braeden level, makes sense now
When this is featured but firework isn't.
literally 4 attempts, why are so many people complaining about the gp lol
ok but why is it featured
how the duck is this featured and betelgeuse only rated
these ball timings are sussier than the wave
this isnt even that bad why are people hating this level
andjandjajhbasjsbajsbfashbfjasbfjabfjFAJBJHABJFBAJFBAFJ
all 9* levels are demons, change my mind
i caught my parents doing "the thing" in the shower
So good! glad this finally got finished!!!
YOOOOOOOOOOOOO THIS IS ANCIENT AF I NEVER THOUGHT ID SEE THIS EVER AGAIN
visuals are fantastic bu gameplay is iffy
maybe next time you make a demon dont request it for 9 stars
from 2018 and still a banger
my 20k star demon :)
banger
phursT
GG
the 1982 version is better than the 2010 version
no more 9*...it was a good run bois
so are my eyes going crazy or did a 9 star just become a medium demon just like that
im the thing
anyone actually seen the movie "The Thing"?
#1511. I remember I beated this when this was Insane 9* difficulty...
comer tetas
absolutely phemomenal
Happy Halloween everyone! <3
These are some incredible animations. Love it! :D
THIS IS SO COOL
EPICO
WHAT A MASTERPIECE. OH. MY. GOD.
Indeed the best 2021 auto
This is so goood
:)
Oh my godness smooth af animations.
so cool
Increible
Perfection
Que alguien traiga un extintor que esto esta que arrrde
this is really awesome! nice work.!
THIS IS SO COOL DUDE
awesome level, great job
very cooloooool djdjrjrjrjdr
Que vieron mis ojos wtf!!!! Esto debe ser epic auto awebo, que locura de animaciones :3
woah this is amazing
This is geometry dash?
Oh my God this is so hot what
1st Coin: hold from 2%-5%, on 9% go under platform with blue portal. 2nd Coin: 81% on top of the saw
like si tienes pene
Pass: 133769 Like so others can see!
Love it :)
Why AutoNick lost mod?
like si eres hombre 
mirror portals, my weakness
Neat :)
awesome, I love the last wave
Apperently im gonna get "comment banned" By "larp" dude. For "bullying" This 5 year old
This is pretty neat for being made in under 12 hours, not like other levels with the same premise :P
since the comments are moving so fast, ig this is a safe place to say i failed NNN
alguien para collab?
that is a very bad transition
900 stars
...level the same way, it would look very cool.
9100 stars!!! 02.11.2021
congrats on daily bro :)
The stairs are rather freindly. The children, however, are not. They long to see the light of day.
no way is that a geometry dash reference
riot: bloodbath completando xD    viprin: copy paste   wulzy: woah
riot oh my god cataclysm bloodbath
Riot by Bloodbath
4,400th demon! Amazing level, GG! :)
72 attempts. Should be Medium Demon btw. #1510
BANGER
good thingy
For those who are confused at 14%: Tap the green orb twice really fast.
GG! 31 attempts :)
GG! 179,000 Stars! 27/12/2021 :)
Lit
ov level ov level ov level ov level ov level ov level ov level ov level ov level ov level ov level 
cyclic
gg 44 attempts, really fun and creative as always!
GG! :)
gg 679 att. (one of Those levels where at first Ioved it but ended up hating it as I played it.)
132 attempts, unbalanced gp, I dont know what those playtesters were doing.
noooo its medium demon :(
insert comment of praise or something
i was in no control over picking the song, that was all kodex
1900 demons
Imma show my mom this :D thanks rob
sounds I make when sleeping
doing your mom doin doin your mom
my concern is where/how boomkitty got the moan samples
GG! 4 attempts :)
*creams*
"Geometry Dash is suitable for ages 3 and up"
nice sound effects, love it
i wonder who even came up with the idea of putting sound effects like these into a song
define *we*
WHY TF DID I HEAR A MOAN AT 55%???? EXPLAIN!!!
145 attempts (+ 3 coins). #1551
you know what else is hard other than this level
GG! :)
Kodec collab
pretty decent
i hate this song with a burning passion
of all the levels this is the one i have to die at 69% on
I'm hoping this has a chance at epic lol
too scary please delete
coin: touch the button at 7% (i delete my comment srry)
This is epic!!!
ITS SPOOKY MONTH !
HITTING THE BUTTON IS SO ANNOYING EVERYTIME I PRESS IT IT LAUNCHES ME INTO THE PORTAL AND I DIEEEEE
good level :)
Accidentally played past my bedtime and now Im too scared to sleep
Feels kinda mediocore in my opinion, but that's just the speed of the level.
Trick or Treat
not bad sent :)
needs to work on transistions and the bg needs to be a bit darker for better gp
shakes are a bit too intensified and some indicators are hard to see, but deco is good
literally fluked from 0 lmao
Deco: 10/10 Gameplay: 3/10 Transitions: 2/10
Nice :}
GG! :)
i hate this level
mm pumpkin
Nice level but kind of hard to see. Still nice tho
and im good at playing levels 
amoung
Definitely my favorite from you. So good and fun
im subscribed to you :)))
not only is the level name good, but thAT MUSIC SYNC
Im waiting for the amazing creators video from wulzy on you lol
the secret way get blocked by an IMPOSTER
i love how 90% of comments are talking about the tiny amogus i put at the beginning and nothing else
my fav from you. though it doesnt have much transitionary material, i really like the diverse ideas
21000th star ;)
me gusta el nombre <3
wtf 1 att
im good at typing comments
I cant secret way the level because an IMPOSTER kills me
nashe
Nice
this is really cool lol
OH YES!!! ThErEs My FaVoUrItE AmOGOs!!!! YAY!!!!!
sus
the song id tho... (1069693)
Nice secret way :)
Happy halloween dude <3 nice one
oh man this is so empty :/
bad gameplay
creo que le falta consistencia y air deco, sin embargo, muy buenas ideas y ambientaciones!!
F bug
SECRET WA..nevermind
really cool but kinda felt like the whole level was an LDM
lava thingy kindda realistic to me
love dying to nothing
Bad gameplay
GG MAN <33
Bad colors, good efects :)
bitz haciendo colores omg, buen nivel <3
This is epic level and my special Hallowen in my Channel, Thanks For Make a Level BitZ <3
Personally i dont like the scale hacked glow, but I understand if its supposed to make it look misty
I dont care if its November I still will play Halloween levels like if you agree
SECRET STUPID WAY
lol secret way but it kills you 
xd?
awesome level! sent :)
Happy Halloween! :)
This is amazing!
dang you actually improved a lot with this, really like the suddent transitions, great art too
HAPPY HALLOWEEN EVERYONE!! I hope you guys have a great day :)
feliz hawelin grupo, soy vanesa
H     A     P     P     Y          H     O     L     L    O    W    E     E     N          guys!
"Rob"lox down, "Rop"top late... coincidence??
i love the arts and design so much, deserves epic
halloween levels ayo
i will get mad if the daily level in 25th of december is xmas challenge
Mod in chat?
Phat
How many likes on this comment is how many candy you'll get from halloween.
hermoso nivel chucho <3
sphere is overrated    it was good but i just got sick of listening to it everywhere
1 like =  1% more
Like For Geometry Dash Dislike For Fortnite On This Comment!
I love this
i bet u want one
Like if harder than Nine Circles, dislike if you hate rubrub
My new favourite extreme demon, GG! :)
This level goes so hard. Feel free to beat
Myocardia is the powerhouse of the cell
banger
i hacked this comment so u can like it 3 times
I hacked this comment so you can like it twice for real
I LOVE YOU TOUGHFEY
you are AMAZING
so much variety
Like if you came from nexus.
Banger
this is so cool!
Great solo extreme, respect!
im sad that i didnt enjoy this
amazing. great job creating and verifying this masterpiece :D
gg
DONT GET THE VACCINE THE GOVERMENT IS TRYING TOO KILL YOU
sick
who is here from AeonAir?
like si vienes antes del rate >:3
like si te gustan los niveles de dano :]
like=like ._.
1 Coin = Jump in 28%. 2 Coin Get key of 43%. 3 Coin jump in 97% and hold. Good luck :)
Hola amigos regalen un dulce
hasme un hijo danolex
<3
Happy Danoween!
like si te gusta como crea danolex
like por dano
cada like es un dia sin free fire para el mati
El nivel muy pronto sera daily  UwU
Password: 200019
Muchas gracias por dedicarmelo hermano <3 Se te aprecia un monton dano <3
Like Si Estas Antes De Epic :7
Awesome level, Happy Halloween!! >:)
Feliz Halloween
Like si has jugado alguna vez un nivel de Danolex! :D
Like si amas a Danolex
Un like menos se tardara la 2.2
10kg weight was spot on
The weight thingy in the ship part is such an awesome idea! Amazing work :)
I need only ten likes to beat RobTop
The 10kg on the ship is soo cool !
that title scared the sh!t out of me... dont u dare do that again! >:(
How u did that 10kg thing
10 KG ship is the dual ship physic ?
LiKe FoR mInEcRaFt DiSlIkE fOr FoRtNiTe IgNoRe FoR tIkToK
we need 10kg for 2.2
the weight on the ship feels so weird
glad this got daily, this level is awesome
a kid came to my house saying "trick or treat" and me being epic said "trick"and stole his kneecaps
simple, this is what you think simple is
my school was threatened with a shoot up today
that 10kg ship part is an out-of-this-world level of intelligence
bro how this 10 kg thing works? its so cool
idky, but an epic rated normal medium is weird to me
10 kg thing was so cool! How did you do it?
love the part with you carrying a weight. is so creative and unique. Feels heavier too!!!! LOVE IT!!
10 kg kkk
please like this comment my name is in the level
great colors
i love this
que pro
secret way should be fixed, I apologize for the (in)convenience.
YIPPIE
OMG This level is so cool it should be featured
i love this style
GG's.
Nice level!  3 att,  gg,  :D
really nice use of breakable blocks!
weird gameplay
the song is just a giant voice crack
gg
Is cool!
damn that's fun. i love the bit with the breakable blocks
why do every single of your songs sound so great??
Very fun gameplay :)
can someone pronounce this word or is it mad up
good colors :)
awesome work as always
cohesion seems to lack, but the ideas here are interesting
this level is how it feels to chew six gum
omg i love deco and gameplay gg
Great job!
this level gives the creepy feeling, and yet its really good.
what"s with 1 attempt
gg, it my first insane level, 24 att
Really great work but the spider part wasnt as great as the rest of the level
rate haunted corridor by farva
Cool!
Super cool and you aceived the theme you went for. GG 1 att
gg 47 att
fun
23 att practice 1 att normal
1 att gg
neat idea, executed decently well i would say
tricking my friends into im beating thanatophobia
gg ^'^
really fun
you are creating for YEARS and still can't build proper gameplay.
i like it :)
Definitely some stand out parts
Transitions in the second half are terrible, you literally have no time to react...
You should learn how to make better gameplay :/
i dodged a portal and was a UFO when i shouldnt have been lol
Awesome:)
AMOGUS!!! SUS!!
some clicks are weird af but i like how this looks :)
its 2021 and you're still making trash gameplay, what a shame
make good gameplay
Fue un gusto participar <3
I see you took the time to carefully craft the worst f ing gameplay in existence
Buen trabajo! 
looks okay but pretty bad gameplay imo
i love how dual doesnt even work as planed
gg 14 attempts very annoying
Unacceptable gameplay
GG
i love that modern effects creators have the perfect garbage gameplay
I will never trust portals again... Awesome work! :)
Banger
cool
that part with fake portals is just a big no no, don't make that
nice
i love how you really try to experiment with things in your last few levels, you have great & creative ideas man :D
I like trains
like if you hate school
I cant describe how weird it feels to see a gravity switch coming but nothing happening
this is awesome
good level with fun gameplay! :)
40% is such a troll xD
I love this level <3
Pretty solid
really cool
GG
hi
top 5 oui
yo this is actually fire
4600 !
epicoooo broo
wow this is pretty nifty, awesome ways to use such a strange color palette
awesome! sent :)
scary
el gato peligro lo vuelve hacer
I cannot believe you ended it at the best part of the song
god where would I be without indicators ;-;
Si estuviera la calificacion Legendary, yo se la pongo a este nivel, seguro sera epic! Buena Kat!
that's nice and interesting! good job. i like to see how you improving
spooky spooky
really good danger sent :)
@heda Buon natale :D
cool, although its halloween I feel this level has xmas vibes too lmao
150 stars until 100k :D
Happy Halloween 8)
very good bro! :)
wont let me jump
ayo rates
very spooky :3
trick or treat because too many tricks
this is really good i think it'll get featured!
Geometry Dash by MasterDam | Geometry Dash would be a very confusing video title
I hope that the gameplay is not bad too. Tell me if it is :)
gotta love how the game is 8 years old and more than half that time was spent developing 2.2 lol
Very good level ! Hoping for an epic :)
Secret Wave
really nice level, by the way the endscreen is so nice! sent for epic :)
Pass : 130821 (date of 8th birthday of gd)
Ayy everybody, I saw that some of you sent my level to mods. Thanks a lot <3
i play gd but what is geometry dash?
Incredible level :D
@PizzaMarker45 this is the 8th birthday of the game
its not my birthday but thank you
@miklipi yes, I know. Check out my new video in YouTube for the real reasons.
We reached 1k likes together! Thank you guys! ^^
Thx for 2k likes guys! :D
ok thats kinda hard
GG Finally.
no epic??
waiting for passive aggressiveness to unexist
wtf is that spider, ruins the whole level
when gd gave me thanatophobia, this gave me aracnophobia 
LKGgecUYKLjhjkhfJHVFkbhjJJHgbjkHGJKHigb: me when pryven make hard level
spider needs to be nerfed
I really enjoy how fun this is and how clean it looks, good stuff
GG! 26 attempts :)
Decent level except for the spider part
Looks good but unbalanced
GG! :)
Imagine not fixing the spider part that literally doesnt work....
nice
gg :) I HATE THE 49% BUG
it's insane demon because you said it would be rated insane, silly oraange.
Apart from the spider, the level's incredibly fun
nerf the spider pls
easy until 43%..pretty bugged
This Level Is REALLY Fun To Play. Great Job Man.
144hs bug at 49%
I'd fix the transition at 48%, the blue pad hits you down too early and you die on the white platform
the spam at 42 ate half my attempts. very unbalanced, but good aside from that
Very go9d design megacollab! :)
how is this not epic rated
damn thats cool
GG! :)
its rated!
nice looking level, the colors are pretty good, sent ;)
How Hard Is It To Get Epic Featured Nowadays
Okay this is a masterpiece ! took me less than 100 atts, thanks uldm lmao
GG
super buggy and bad gameplay atleast the deco and the song is good, 120 attempts GG
loving those colors, could use some more cohesion, but not bad. Sent!
Could have easily gotten epic, but the gameplay is not that good...
GG! 19 attempts :)
93 attempts (+ 1 coin). #1506
lets go guys
first time that i beat a demon before it gets rated yay
I kinda like it!
random creator *makes a piece of art like this* rub rub: featured. viprin: spike rub: epic
why does every featured easy demon have amazing deco but terrible gameplay it makes no sense
GG! 228 Attempts :D
If I were you, I'd fix the transition to wave. Way too sudden and kills you if you don't touch.
this gameplay sucks
People, take this as a good example of how not to make gameplay
Nice level, you got some good ideas but I think they were not well executed, sent :)
Look above
1 like = 1% chance of this getting rated
ufff its very good designs bro 
that transition...
you're amazing, i love you style <3
awesome nvl :')
coins are free at the end
I love the ufo part
nice level  bro
not playtested
thx for the coins. Loved the gameplay compare to other people
wow good use glow
i can't even express how stupid these gameplay choices are
Very good :)))
In 69% touch only the first orb , you will find a secret way.
Been waiting patiently for a new level from you! This is so cool!
holy bliss :)
wow one of the hardest 6 stars ive seen
Simple but neatly executed designs! Colors and GP are great as well. Nice work :)
:0
really fun. basic but neat designs :)
Really good and unique deco, good gameplay besides the ending
amazing color and style, nice level ^^
Awesome design. :)
tohle je proste neco uplne uzasnyho :D
lol
The colors and visuals are S+++ tier, the boock design looks so simple but is so unique, i love it!
11% and the end are REALLY annoying but nice level overall! | Also the 1.0 design idea is cool too!
que nivel de mierda, una basura de gameplay y decoracion mala
go rob
cool GG!!
Nice :)
That got tight 
nice
Very cool designs , fun !
dis deserves epic!!!
nice decoration, but the gameplay really needs a lot of work
This man's getting his 100th creator points with a real masterpiece 
Not sightreadable
I cant see what is going on but it looks great! xd
Absolutely amazing! Probably your best work so far. Definitely deserves an epic rating :)
cool style and decoration , but the gameplay tho..
this should be in TOP 10 MOST OVERDECORATED LEVELS
ok
wish i could see what was going on
*Deep breathes* Amazing.
great deco. probably the worst gameplay ive ever played
oh so that wasnt a spike it was the background.
Now this is something cool to find in the recent tab :))
nice
can't see shit
This is so unreadeable it could be a demon
Like this if your Breathing
this level is hard bc of the amount of detail it has
awesome
this should be a demon bruh
DM to RobTop
message to rotop: rofl
Dedicated to maaya because she cool
thanks for the dedication!
sooooo toxic lvl
Message to RobTop: Cp pls
omg hi apex omg cool level
who else thought this was gonna be a level about someone complaining about the game
there's a bug on 62%
Message to Robtop: 2.2 when?
why do you use invisible portals. why 
message to robtop- release 2.2 omfg
great level, love the dual!
me gusto bastante
#RateAureateAmbiance
apex i beat your map!!!
I actually really like this gameplay
i hope roberto topal sees this :D
based
themed level meta
Learn English please. Its not "Speedest", its "Most speedest". smh
Great level, amazing gameplay, fun and unique design, overall fantastic level. 0/10
HOW DID I FIND THIS IN THE RECENT TAB???
best trilogy: speedlevel, speedierlevel, speedestlevel
finally the trilogy
bad luck but still fun
Pov: The pass is 0438
if my comment have 100 likes i eat brick
it didnt take you 6 seconds to verify
One of my favourite insane demons, GG! :)
update: fixed bug where you can just go through some walls for some reason
:O
185,000 Stars, GG! :)
Saw a video of this and instantly knew I had to beat it, GG!
a level robtop commented on only has 148 comments
my wrist hurts so much i can't even click anymore
the endscreen is good because it has my name in it
speedestcomment
this is a hard insane demon but very satisfying
only took 8 attempts after getting 98, very fun and consistent level
GG :D
death from above
Nice level, sent :)
L
The verification/showcase video is on my YouTube ! (latest video). You can access it in my profile!
really fun level that is ruined by some unbalanced transitions
325 attempts awesome level ive never seen so much wave in a non nine circles level :D
Very fun level, GG! :)
This deserves more attention and is 100% rate-worthy!
can we rename this level "friendly slaughterhouse"
thank you guys for dying at my 98% part ! :)
Very fun level, GG! :)
sure
death from below
MDR
cool level !
I dont have words
GG :)
Thanks Agar
this level is amazing what
this isnt jarvis silent map
Pro tip to get dislikes: say that advy is the best player ever
when you're rapping, you're spitting bars. when you're raping, you're behind bars
petition for new daily level notifications
unbalance and bad transition dislike if im wrong
hey robtop this is easy demon
bless you
1st coin: 20%, 2nd coin: 57%, and 3rd coin is at 76%
ADVY JUST SHOT HIMSELF ON STREAM
This level should be a weekly demon
UNBANNED AFTER 2 MONTHS.
you arent sinko
like if pinecones should be modded
Like this and I leak my adress
D   I   S   L   I   K   E      T   H   I   S      N   O   W
HOW TF IS THIS NOT A DEMON
This level will be DEMON :)
f in the chat for failed demon level
demon
spider man : destroys home
thx for polishing my part, it looks so cool
Gg on another feature!!
Looks amazing, very clean design and very good colors! :)
fireflies is a legendary song
amazing decoration this level is epic :D
1 att gg
38888 stars.
gg 1700 stars!
cool
GG :)
GG moony
a
level cool
gg 1 att
good level 1 att
you would not believe your eyes
i love this song
1 attempts real:)
una decoracion simple y buena, like!
GG 4 att! $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
nada mal muy divertido:3
really nice design and solid gameplay! 
GG! 14 attempts :)
GG! :)
GG! Very fun gameplay, i like this style :>
GG ! 1.300 Demons :D 28/11/2021
so fun
GG ! 110k Stars :D 28/11/2021
GG 79,000 STARS [#2021] - 195 attempts bruh
82 attempts (+ 3 coins). #1538
aveces la araa no agarra el portal del cubo antes del drop xd pero nivelazo GG!
GG! 814 demons, 74 attempts :)
GG! :) 63 Attempts! Very fun level!
what the robot doin?
vamos por tu cuarto featured ;)
Gg! 28,000 Estrellas =D {14/11/2021} Demon #502 [Coins 3/3] Dedicado a todos mis amigos! <3
gg unique gameplay
fantastic. super fun gameplay!
actually really cool
i think i had 100att to complete amd now 238 for coins ggs cool level
chris pratt epic win.mp4
its the
absolute banger of a level. i definitely will beat this sometime soon
white girl winter
a philosopher is out getting groceries. when asked for a reciept he says i think not and vanishes
Great level, GG! :)
certainly my favorite from 2021 right now. unrivaled energy and gameplay!!!
AHHHH I LOVE THIS LEVEL SOOO MUCH!!! PERFECT EXAMPLE OF GAMEPLAY OVER DECO!!!!! AMAZING LEVEL!!!!!!!
GG! 163 attempts :)
new hardes6t
criminally underrated
This level is proof that you don't need high detail objects to make something visually appealing.
japanese breathing problems
Insanely fun, 81 attempts
for the comment below its not buggy you just need to know when to jump
nooo
:(
501 attempts, super satisfying level, tense gameplay and cool, unique abstract designs! gg!
GG! 106000 stars, this is so unique, I love it!!
YESSSSSSSS 1383 ATTEMPTS 1ST HARD DEMON AND NEW HARDEST. I LOVE THIS LEVEL <3!!!!
like if you have died at least once in stereo madness ;)
huh inspired by me? :o
i find it funny that my comment went from 8 likes to 1
Coin : after you become a spider at the drop (28%~) tap immediately, the coin is up
like if u like happy faces :)            (:           :D
i like kfc
@RobTop Collab?
pretend this comment is funny
December is here!
'clears throat' PLay mY nEW LeVelS AnD iLL GIvE U 1000K frEE BoBux!!!1!!!1!1!!1!!!
Like this comment to get 1000000+ social credit
you were top for like 30 seconds 
if u read this comment its because you are a pro :D
have you guys noticed that all the good levels come out in december and march?
glist
apparently when learning about the male reproductive organs you cant say balls. What a dictatorship
Can this comment get 2 likes?
today in class our teacher said : If you say balls i will correct you and say p3n1s
Yo im christian. God controls alot of things but our free will is not one of them. 
like for fish           dislike for trump             ignore for my wc
This level is my life...
I love this level ! Hoping for an epic :)
Uses 10K objs on hyper-real sun > uses default black rocks
hi
GG! 52 attempts, two deaths at 96% :(
Holy Crap. Great work!
love the atmopshere the song and level portray :)
Waiting for the Epic Rate ;)
GG! :)
That block design is incredible but the spikes is another level
I just realized this is the song used in Riot's BB verification intro
eso tilin, a la mierda tilin. - Sabix 2017
What in the actual microwave
If you find any bug just tell me!
My next insane demon <3
Can i have decorating lessons, sir?
song sounds like 2016 youtubers' 50 mins long intro to their divine demon completing video
the hell why doesnt this have an epic rating?!
gg... i clear so hard... second victor... gg on stars adrone!!! so easy for argentina
There's a Drone in my livestream.
was a pleasure taking part in this
you call it sissy mode, I call it removing the first timing
claim your here before rate ticket -------->
Y MEH9I GLISTbI
this is so cool oh my god
yooooooo i have a rated extreme :)
GG! 1,720 attempts, bad luck ruined my enjoyment but it's pretty cool still :(
dam
gg
gg :)
legit one of my favorite extremes in the game rn, everything just works together so well, creating an amazing play from start to finish.
oh hey its extreme again
sussy mode??!!!!?! :amogustwerk:
yay rebeat on video this time, 1091 attempts
great level. good job, guys!
i can finally say i was first victor of a rated extreme demon im so happy lfg
building my part was so much fun, glad i can say i have a part in an extreme now.
 best level
lag
yamete kudasai aahhh
was expecting good colors and you did not dissapoint :)
Not bad, first cp?
Yo First Cp thx Rob!!!!!
GG With Coin. For Coin: Go up at 45%.
ah yes,modern level with "glow" song
1 att but lucky
not bad :))
i love the colors
Gameplay is a little bit buggy, but I like the level!
designs arent bad, work on gameplay ;)
Incredible LVL!! Congrulations!!!
yooo gg first cp! :D
bri'ish people when they see the name
You First featured Lets Go!!!
GG :))
Gameplay is a bit buggy but nice designs ! Sent to mods :)
dude these colors are so amazing, really like the sync man :)
Awesome! its better than The Ascension lmao
not bad :)
GG on first cp!
like this comment that way mods dont have top comment
74467332 copied this level if you wanna go dislike bomb it go ahead
Early 2.1 vibes here :^)
fun lvl
First rate moment :D
not really a fan of the orange lava, it really doesn't fit well. Rather, use complimentary colors :)
wow
yep this will get to daily
G
2.1 is love <3
u r  a  m o n k e
congrats.(:
good level love it :)
800 user coins
GG :)) First Rate !!! Congratulation ~~
GG
POV:you die in a fake in 2.1
dude
gg 24 attempts 3 coins bad
This level is very easy, but the ufo is unfair.  Also, the potion does nothing
1st coin victor. my first time for a featured lvl. died at 98 twice. endscreen lag bruh
The coin route would be great if it wasnt for that stupid timing at the end
GG 39,000 user coins! :D
This is super cool! hope this gets rated!
Coin Route on my channel <3
so glad this was able to get back up! 
Holy! This means alot! ^^
nice coin
316att with a coin gg :)
GG!
feature when?
what is going on
6 att gg
feat when? this is really cool bro
This needs to be rated, this is an epic and fun level!
es increible el nivel
hola :D
The level is overall kind of a mess with empty portions at parts but at least it's fun lmao
drip coin route, GG @_@
nice job, it's worth a little work on the gameplay and design!
How Many Bugs This Level Has------->
literally more than 15 bugs/skips found, playtest the level yourself next time instead of hacking
anyone else has some sort of bug at around 85%?
i love it, sent !!!!!!
This looks good but there are a couple annoying transitions
awful gameplay and lots of unplaytested stuff
you can skip the entirety of the last ball part..
GG! :)
Pretty decent level, but some of the timings and transitions felt really out of place for me
ankara messy
Good level! Sent :)
very bad gp structures
worst level ive ever played no cap
bug high
More bugs than the times PewDiePie said B*tch in B*tch Lasangha
GG! :) 19 Attempts! Fun level!
i found 182367823187 bugs
Fun level, sent :)
this level is s**t
probably the most boring demon ive ever played
4th VICTOR GG! :D worst gp ever
I don't want to be rude but you need to hire a gameplay creator for your next levels
very bad, work on your gameplay more
the level is pretty good, but sometimes the custom objects make the gp unreadeble and unenjoyable
GG! cool deco, but weird gp
you have some very interesting music choices ngl
honestly the gameplay is bad 
Very cool but the custom objects make the gameplay difficult
gg
52 att,  gg
nice gameplay.
Seems every path leads me to nowhere
bad gameplay
some nice colours
Please add an option that removes the custom orbs/pads/portals I can't tell what is happening
there is literally only like 20 comments so i dediced to say something. sheep
I like this but the ship and ufo at the end its hard to tell what are blocks or deco
way too similar to zidnes's older stuff. :(
ufo and last 10% are in dire need of a nerf
I dont understand if it is a platform or a jumppad..
happy independence day indonesia :D
neat level
Jadi pengen kerupuk
cool
HUT RI ke-76 g ngapa-ngapain
izzul93, niatnya sih mau upload jam 00:00 tapi males jadi sekarang aj :v
Awesome level for sure, but i feel like there is a lot of empty spaces that could be filled up.
Merdekaaa!!
LETS GO, INDONESIA MERDEKA
GG
MERDEKA
feture momenr
me when indonesia
disini ada yang orang indonesia nggak?
I N D O N E S I A
- Indonesia -
XD
chill
very cool level
omg! !1!!!!
coin 1: touch the heart at the top of 4%
the atmosphere is really nice !! | sent ^^
LAG! LEVEL BEAUTIFULL , FEATURE!
BOJE YRAAAA NEKONECTO
A bit messy for my taste and I wasnt a fan of some of the clashing colors, but it wasnt bad :)
GG Finally. Thanks to Ult8 for the 1st Coin :).
I'm getting to the point where demons take less time than the average 6* purely because I can see gp
cool ideas :)
amazing
horrendous gameplay
YA VOLOSATIY GEY
Heh... Nakonec to:) Zipie, pozdravlayu!:)
Thats Cool!
xaxaxaxaxax sogl sdelau drygoe nazvanie bydet fithyr
atmosferno
please make this rated
klass
GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
YEE3EEEEE33EEE3EEEZSESEDEEEEDRDGHSXFNGZFBRHRHNTJTBT
GG!
what the hell this is actually awesome
You did such an incredible job, been waiting for this one for a while now. GG!
The Minimun detail version looks so fire
The editor really is your canvas. Beautiful, hope you can get your first epic with this one.
Look robtop there is 4 options for detail, which means you can epic this instead of crying about lag
Astonishing
so insane
Very pretty
truly an amazing piece of art
I have the symbolic behind each part of the level in the description of my video if you wanna see :D
Absolutely fantastic!! :o
this isnt geometry dash anymore. It's Art.
absolutely beautiful, just a little unsightreadable. ig thats what minimum detail mode is for lol 
amazing
Very nice
great level
Fun Fact: NOBODY CARE IF YOU FROM NEXUS
on small step for each segment, one giant leap for the community. And one big explosion from my ipad
incredible
Still looks awesome.
Amazing work :D
Awesome work!!
Evolutionary Theory will can evolve to a featured or epic? 
The lore implications here are nutty as hell
Honestly really like it! Consistent quality the whole way through and very jam packed with content!
130521 is Pass. Like so others can see and copy this beautiful level ^^
Pro tip: AHHHHHHHHHHH
Amazing work, thanks for the dedication
i think ima pass my history test now thanks!
wooooooow
Pero que es esta maravilla? Excelente trabajo!
why not rated robtop???
Here before rated
thanks for revolution french part
130521 ----  PASS
                               click here
Like this comment for free pizza!
i swear, im doing my history homework mom
#Rate evolutionary theory
this should be rated, like if you agree
I wish block designs could be better.
pretty good, but i think the 2nd half could have been better
GG! :) 3 Attempts! 39700 User Coins!
Nice level | sent to mods :)
Rate de 7 Stars GG esta super padre el nivel me gusto 10/10
GG, segundo Featured 05/11/21 :D
Not Bad!
nice level, 1 att
oye ta bueno
Muy Bueno :D
maffaka rate eto
._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._.
._.
really goood ggg
Man you are underrated
cool!
Very good gameplay!!! 1 att, no practice
EZ 1
wow
!Sent
Looks rushed in the 2nd half, tbh. The design is decent and gp feels weird but it's fine I think
Its alright but quite uninspired and messy
When i awakened   my eyes, i saw a family of Hackers
really generic and boring honestly
when i was a baby my parents died in space
everyone, I did not make the gameplay. Just giving a heads up. Dubbayoo made the gp.
10 years old and first cp, may be one of the youngest to get cp
its kinda basic and messy, but you have potential, good luck with your next level
and dubbayoo was really excited to see this rated. Don't blame dubbayoo for the gp, dont hate on him
you spelled bubbaoo wrong!
Not bad of all, just looks really messy in some parts.
Cool! I think you will get your first cp! Sent to mods!
Honestly not bad :)
:) glad you finished it!
why is there a path to the coin but no coin
thx landon thanks everyone
gg !  :)
beginnings by mebboug
Nice
(2/2) no idea whats going to happen. also there are some hard to see obstacles. but besides (2/3)
after 3 full years of building, I am finally done with this masterpiece.
Pretty cool, sent :)
RATED POG
GgGg!! :)
Imj! nice work. ( ~u~)/                                                                            
GG 2000 DEMONS COMPLETED :D
Fun gameplay and nice effects, but some parts looks to simple and try to improve your colors overall. Send to mods.
funny words level
not too bad, sent :)
LETS FREAKING GOOOOOO
Like for featured  ;)
gg
Awesome level, super intense. This is definitely one of my favorite levels! Hope it gets Epic :)
Gg #136 (mobile), my hardest demon i've beat so far! :D
GG!!!
fun
GG :)
G- 37 atts this was super FUN! #998
fun gg
GG :^)
coins: triggers at roof of 30 and 35-37 (spam), invis triggers at 39 41 43 48 50 52 in pillars (1/2)
coins: couple hidden orbs at roof of 86 (skip yellow pad), ignore fake coin at 88, coin at 97 (2/2)
This level was made as a joke with spammed arrows, joke texts and stuff, but it got rated so lol, want me to fix it? 7 likes
First comment :))
Absolutely amazing, first recent tab level Ive seen in a while thats actually really good
369att all coins gg.
A bit empty, but very well executed. Good job! :)
Featured
690 likes LOL
@ULT8 how did you know so fast, hats off bro
im not gonna remove the ''Free CP That Way'' cuz it's made 11 months ago and its funny as hell
Watch this get featured tomorrow
this level is very level
Very simplistic, but clean. I would say 4 star feature. Also im 1st on the leaderboard :pog:
why
bruh 7 likes... k gonna fix the arrows
finally 
Rated!
Seems like a Xoroz lvl
anylyzing completion
short but certainly sweet
Sea deez nu- *gets shot*
Awesome.
Robtop featured please...
anyone else got extreme lag at the fish part
anyone else remember sea1997?
i beat the level series and it was very enjoyable
gg
Lag,
Cool sea themed level, it's not the best, but i really like it! :)
ninety ninety seven
ugu
what happened?
Fish be lagging me out
gg
GG without low detail...NICEEEEE    <3
very hard to read
wow finally someone used the good part of this song in a level
Leg but fun
I like it, wish it were longer tho
the beeping in this song sounds like my microwave
cool
gg
GG 16k stars :}
GG
GG
gg
GG =)
wow nice 3d
g
gg 8 attempts
Cool!
GG!! Amazing :)
GG!
GG :)
This reminded me of the decorations by anzyu
Gg
Damn, this is sweet
sweet stuff
caca level
bro like an hour ago i drove 7 miles to rescue a dog back to its owner i guess this is what i get
wait advy eats children
nice
school isnt useless, it tought me how to hold in my fart for 7 hours
end = lag xD
hi daily chat
btw you need to breathe to live
For the second coin, it is up at 73%, the part of the mini ufo :)
featured!!
get down
school bathrooms are dirty af
:)
hey guys when you guys become a taco bell
you can like this 2 times :me: yeah right. *still does it ._.*
Daily chat should be renamed Degenerate Chat
the gacha life community are the type of people who eat expired food and wonder why they are sick
Like if u Fart
advy daycare
marshmellow sucks ass
i just find marshmellow a rip off version of daft punk but really really white
yay my part sucks
My celebrity crush is Nikocado Avocado.
By the way, this is the sequel to a deleted collab by Giggs and I named Speedy Time.
like if here before feature
i could see this getting a feature
As far as I'm aware this never got a single send but WE TAKE THOSE
koopas first cp?
When you pass Danolex on the leaderboards for the first and only time in your life :D
LMAOOOO ANDRIX
gg 20k stars!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
GG! :)
where the stars
I loved the spider gameplay. The hard one of course
To whoever reading this god bless you and I hope you have an amazing day ;)
bruh
idk if its feature worthy but cool level
The extremely inconsistent style actually fits the level
GG
HOW DID THIS GET FEATURED???? NO WAY
this should be rated
Intensa Emozione means Intense Emotion in Italian. Its also a car, (Apollo IE)
Incredible level, definitely deserves a feature. GG! :)
188,000 Stars, GG! :)
Bella rega a tutti gli italiani
probably a 400 km/h car
98 attempts. #1649
GG! 24 attempts, should be an easy demon :)
really fun, sent :)
Not bad :)
Nice work! Sent to mods! :)
GG! :) 42 Attempts! Very good and fun level!
this is incredibly good, love the deco and gameplay :)
a
YESSS! Got it without dying at the last ship :D GG
FIRST BOIS
kewl :3
aaa thank you !!
fnafcave and lunar intoxication please
Emo
map deserves rate
I woudln't have expected you to have created something like this way back then. This is cool!
who else is playing in 2.1 and still thinks this is awesome
you need to be like viprinn... on the creator leaderboard...
t". And look how far you've come now. Great job, fam.
I remember when you first posted this level.... This is where I began to think, "This guy has talen
wave part asssome
Very fun, sent :)
(8
actually i commented on it 2 years ago... whaaaat?
cool level
this has to be featrued and rated
AMAZING!!! wish it was featured ;-;
i looked at the id and thought schady dropped a new level lmao
Dislike for rating of "temples" by michigun, like to rate this.
Like if u like 1.9 gameplays :D
awesome..
why isn't this featured...
This is really cool my favourite part is the wave section :>)
This is actually fantastic, should have been rated years ago
THIS IS AMAZING
THANKS ROBTOP
Gameplay needs serious work. Very unsightreadable due to random timings and hard-to-see obstacles
like quem e br
Wasn't the most enjoyable experience :/
try to make your spikes a tad bit more visible
NEM FUDENDO
stop killing me at the same invisible places every attempt :)
The designs are pretty cool, but the gameplay is not the best! :)
aee nivel br
nivel br, daora
now the gp is better?
mn parabens pelo featured :)
now the spikes are more visible
BOA VIDASH, PARABENS PELO RATE :D
i actually found the gp pretty fun
buggy af
GGGGGG VICTOR
mt melhor do que mt lvl de gringo por ai :D
requested 5 star rate?! lmao
MUITO foda :)
L i k e   s i  c r e e s  q u e  s o y  t o n t o . . .
:)
like si lo tienes grande...
1 Like: cookies free
Fun Fact: Coin at Bottom Part of 40%, its Extremely hard to Get
Oh, jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way, all I want for christmas is the 2.2 update
laik zi juegaz geometri dach
coin?
So nice! 
wow, everlasting summer ost
that coin...
all party oceans 
ggs
extreme demon
:)
This was quite a relaxing level. Amazing!
gg second victor, first tried the coin after a pr :)
ta weno
bueno, mi ultimo nivel antes de borrar el juego! estuvo divertido, gg :)
1000 Online levels completed :D
Nakita mo ba ako? :3
@CassFlow may mata sila.
It's pretty neat :)
don't jump at 90% for the coin
nice bg
looks nice, well done !
Nice Job :DD
how did i beat this in only 2 attempts!?!And also the level is beatiful!
Awesome :)
the style and design are very good, congratulations!
GG 3k stars
gg nice art
al primer intento xdxdxd
yo its cool
love it, great work! <3 
20.8k
I see myself
awesome level btw, thanks for dedi :)
Light style....... Ooops, MoonLight slyle! Really nice.
-didnt try- YEAH RIGHT
i still struggle to understand why levels end in the middle of a drop
creo is a legend
that transition is sooooo good!
h
The gameplay is good, just try to improve the block design for next time and add movement too
Buena Supuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
Oh!
gg
Recuerdo cundo me mostraste la preview de este nivel, felicidades :D
9 hours.. damn this is actully cool
Nice proto :)
gg
wonito :>
gg :)
GG!!
GG!! Free Coin :)
GG. 10 Attempts + Fluked From 67%.
Gameplay is well made. This song is really nice :)
gg 5 attempts 3 coins, nice gameplay! <3
GG's. 2 Coins.
LAST COIN: jumps at 91%
este comentario debe de tener muchos likes .
'that building' with stairs
1st coin: free  2nd coin: free  3rd coin: jump at 91%. Like so other can see.
GG All Coins. Thanks to PowerICarlos for the last coin :).
is it just me or are four stars like the chillest levels in gd
your levels are so clean. great work kalluna :)
2 coins free
Gracias por las 2 coins papu
Two free coins and somehow they are still silver THANKS SOO MUCH!
why 3 coin?
1 attempt
12k stars!
Im here before the people saying : ThaNKs FOr FrEE cOInS !!!!!!
thanks for 2 user coins free
Nice :)
THX for free stars and free coins :3
GG
gg
free coins?!
GG!! :D <3
GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
epico
:)
cool
nice :)
nya
Gracias por las Coins :3
GG gabriel felicidades :3
GG for the rate Gabriel 
Que buen nivel :D
GG Again :^)
feeling relaxed. But those arrows confused sometimes
gg felicidades papu Bv
al fin papu 
Felicidades por tu primer rate! :)
nice lvl ^-^
GG thx for free coins! :D
GG on the first cp Gabriel
GG por el rate :)!!
Good level, sent :)
Coin 1: Hit invisible orb at 23%; Coin 2: Miss yellow orb at 95%
XD
rerfeshing playing levels with straightforward gameplay
gg 1 att pls dont dislike me :(.
Dislike al Comentario
it wasnt the right ORB
this song is so nostalgic :")
Pass 301121. Like??
15k starts B)
reminded me of the easy level "promises"
boredom issues getting out of hand
bruh
GG >~<
Buen nivel 
GG 3 attempts
nice level
GG 1 ATT
im bored too
do this more i like this style!!!!!
happy birthday man! youre an awesome creator :)
"i hacked this comment you can like it twice" please stop
twist it, pull it
comment flagged as it                                        [bop]
Was trying to go for daily possibly on this one, hopefully the gameplay is decent overall
bop it shove it slap it suck it
55th key
glad i saw this after nnn
*bop it joke that anyone would make*
I probably wont update this much due to massive creative burnout when i got this done, sorry
GG
i thought we were gonna play bop it, ya know, BOP IT, TWIST IT, PULL IT
stayed as a robot going into wave lol
you rock!
happy birthday
really good visually but there is no reason this should be 6 star
ty rob
Happy Birthday :) We enjoy your levels:)
Happy birthday bro! have a nice day and happy day <3
pull it
EWWWW THIS GOT DAILY?
gameplay feels super janky, unbalanced, awkward, and inconsistent... not good
geometry dash twitter when i burn their houses down
Rob is doing a bit of trolling
2 hours well spent!
gg 71 attempts bad level, hard for 7 stars
does anyone else like to eat paper
i hate this gameplay so much
hvatit slivat' mid
Thanks for making the coins noob-friendly :]
BRUH... LEVEL    SUCKS 
have fun getting the coins theyre hype
i am suppose to be asleep and my mum is coming
the league of legends community is very helpful, they walked me through how to kill myself
Pass is 080085, where are my likes
People who ask for CraZy IV: -100000 Social Points
TRASH GAMEPLAY
why did this  decent level with bad gp get daily i mean its mid
i hate this map
like if you want yt dislikes back
thank you for using my song !! Your level is incredible !!!!!! :)
Y los sensuales angelitos a donde se fueron?... Vamos aun no termina la batalla
STAR RATE ALTERNATE REALITY WOOH
Ulala mi mejor creacion hasta hoy! :D
Gg. excelente trabajo!, esperemos que tenga rate :D
wou, super bueno 
Felicidades Bro, primer rate
GG! :D
Felicidades por tu primer rate :)
OMG! THIS IS SO COOL! I found this in the recent tab. first, lol.
marce te amoooooooo!!!
GG!
LEGENDARY
Hermosisimo! :)                                                                                    
gg por el feature 
This deserves a rate and feature!
Lol, me encanto la verdad!
Muy divertido, me ha encantado!! enhorabuena :)
FELICIDADES POR EL FEATURED MARCE!!!! SABIA QUE LO CONSEGUIRIAS TE LO MERECES GGGG!!!!!
awesome song
you couldve made the tits bigger...
I love you <3
Very good as always, sent :)
free coin in the end? I will like this level :)
nice!
guys the password to copy this level is, there is no password, thank me later
coin 1: click at 12% coin 2: click at 57% coin 3: at 98% (free) give me like pls :)
Nice
sweet!
love is for the weak #SIGMAMINDSET
GG All Coins :).
GG! 115k stars =)
Died in the center of portal :(
Simple and Fun Gameplay! GG ;)
Gg all coins 1 att ( Im in stargrinding mode )
nice level :)
1 att 3 coins xd, amazing!
GG
Gg!!!TopNum65:)3Coins
1att 2coins
like for free mod
ALL I WANT FOR CHRISTMAS IS YOUU- *VOICE CRACK*
Daily chatters explaining why they need top comment
WHY ARE THERE SO MANY LIKE IFS IN THE TOP COMMENTS please get them out now
the backyardigans is the best anime
Really fun gameplay, congrats on daily btw :)
most people who have the star rated ufo did not get it from getting a starrated level
saying tiktok sucks wont get you top comment
can I please get a gg in the chat for beating electroman adventures v2 by IIINeptuneIII finally
Solo los que juagan minecraft saben la referencia de mi porsentaje
super mario minecraft 3d animation spiderman elsa baby mickey mouse dies in gas explosion
Daily Comment 2
get this to 6likes and i will make a very hard wave challenge
sylveo n.,!
The 4 Types Of Genshin Impact Player: pedo/pedo/pedo/pedo
me writing death threats to optimus prime for identifying as both a cybertronian and a truck
69
imagine using gay as an insult you fifth graders
nam nam
Muy piola:)!
sorry for the lack of uploads guys i got stuck in the fire emblem universe (im still stuck please he
Nemsy daily, based
Cool Anime Facts: The age of consent is 18.
Coins: 0% (jump right away), 78% (go up), 97% (jump). Fun level & song, #31 on leaderboard! :)
why does robtop have no CP its so ironic its just sad
robtop being christain sounds unreal, keep in mind he manually drew 5 different demon faces
1 like = 1 prayer
barber: "what cut you want today homie"  me:  "y = 2tan(8x)+2"
Nemsy = GOD
can we have a moment of silence for the people who find the coins for us
like si no supiste donde estaba la primera coin
GG! :)
Me in prealgebra be like: "WHY ARE THERE LETTERS IN MATH NOW?!?!"
Fun fact: This is a comment.
if i say "im gay" nobody will notice it because there are so many people commenting
i really like this one
idk why but i think Huggy Wuggy looks funny
Like = Free cp!
coin at 1% guys
if this gets 5 dislikes then i will unblock Boschgd
a
who wants me to fix 3d in last part?
We live in a society where everyone is fighting to get a top comment on a square game, its sad ngl.
Daily chat is toxic
pls dont fight for top comment :(
Fav level is Hungry Humphrey 
like if ur name isnt jack
when I see a sequal to another level I never see the first one
I DRINKED FORTNITE AMOGUS SUSSY POTION AT 3AM! (TURNED INTO HALF AMOGUS AND HALF FORTNITE!) (COPS C
can we just delete every other comment and have only a
my balls hurt
you could be drawing attention to the groomer problem that keeps growing but no, you want a LETTER
a
OOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1 like = 1 apple
should i stay with 69 coins or not, yes or no
nice gameplay
@Kwnt because Thanksgiving is an American holiday and Robtop lives in Sweden.
200K DOWNLOADS THANKS EVERYONE!!!!!!
cyber rush II? more like cyber rush *insert afwulf pun*!
felt like you relied a bit too much on glow. it caused the designs to look messy so work on lowering
OMG (i was bored during online class looking at discord!!!!)
nice level. 1st coin at 7% at the bottom of the ship, 2nd coin key at 25% tap the green orb late
GG :) 15 Attempts! 40400 User Coins! Cool and fun level!
its not shadowbanned anymore :D
#mobilegang
pretty decent honestly, i'd suggest to vary more the elements on the BG as well.
really good in both gameplay and visuals
12,000 Stars!
Congrats on rate!!!@!!21
GG's.
this deserves epic :u
like if you saw on reddit
It's finally rated :O
need to be featured too
gg on frist cp my friend :))
nice
Saw this on reddit!
Holy lag :o
Pog :)
jack
The weirdest comments always get top comment lol
since it's thanksgiving today, i'd like to thank everyone, especially robtop, for keeping everything going! cheers!
Coin 1: keys 5% 12% - Coin 2: 33% 40% press orb 53 % and up 55% - Coin 3: 98%
if you're waiting for your food at a restaurant, aren't you the waiter?
Daily chatters when they realize outside exists
PASS IS 69420
school  literally promotes stress awarenessand then gives 4 hoursof homework
geometry sucks, unless its dash
Ill like your comments when i like them
Im questioning my life choices rn
should i call the among us imposter at 3 am
que buen nivel :)
the wave reminds me of power trip
Teacher: How do you spell flower? Bunch: Fwoler
My Brother Is Crying And Screaming Over Roblox Squid Game Lmfao!
:T
i could never dislike your comments RealUniverse <3
MALDING
it wont become top comment
if this doesnt get rated, imma unvirgin the olive oil in my kitchen
not bad :)
@JustKay sus
Awesome and fun! Sent :)
Nice one, sent :)
tiktok sucks :/
a
Pass 130203
Peanuts
Like if you wish you had this amazing building skill
Like if this decoration is awesome!
Like for Italia dislike for a fess de mammt
If I dont get one like on this comment in 24 hours I will fix a McDonalds ice cream machine.
like if your name is NOT Peter Griffin A2ajd
If this gets top comment i will play squid games irl
JustL3o ha bannato Volplay per 550 secondi :(
near to 100k downloads
funny number
when i see someone tap multiple times instead of just hold jump
no
DREAM!!!!!!!!!!
By Aerosmith
im in the level
coin: jump late over yellow portal at 76. thats it, no wave challenge needed to complete at the end
Like if Dream sucks.
dream jumpscare
dream jumpscare
Good Level For nice
Bruh 64% lol 
minecraf speedrunber  vs HUNTER!!!
lol Rate nice :)
dimooooooooooon
Dream on, Dream on, Dream on, Dream until the dream come true
yoooo its finally done, thanks for letting me be part of this :)
Pta, crei que era de Aerosmith...
Applaud the man for being able to use rainbow blocks in his level without it looking cringe
green spark. (omega is dream) ,
La User Coin Esta Saltandote El Portal Amarillo De Gravedad Invertida En El 76%
98% of comments be like:            D         R        E       A         M
nice level GG
I love how far people go just to avoid using one of the 21 official songs lmao
like if you are not a sagittarius
neat
Was meant to be called dust because it was inspired by rust by nei, but i had to keep the zodiaclev
coin 1: 2%, coin 2: key at 72% and get 78%, coin 3: 97%
this level is not cancer
lmao who ever is disliking these comments you lame fr
this shit is clean asl featured in the next 12 hours im c alling it
el mejor level
nice leveeel
unpopular opinion: Zodiac signs dont mean anything
"I don't belive in Zodiac because I'm a Gemini. Gemini don't belive in Zodiac"
24000th star ;)
Yo Soy Sagitario <3
ya saben chicos, no le crean a las tiktokers :)
sagittarius 4 life
Im an aquarium. My sun is Acorn and my moon is Tartarus. ARE WE COMPATTABLE?
spider part looks like an extreme demon but its actually really easy. gg :)
feature worthy for sure
i never see the black orb
Will rate more in a bit coding some stuff :)
like if ur name isnt Joshua
another sick level :)
firework might not be easy but stealing illegal fireworks sure is
really well made danger , sent !
mommy pig and daddy pig take peppa and george to disney world but its really a slaughterhouse
lIkE iF yoUr nAMe IsnT JoE!
Pretty nice! Sent :)
Like this if you eat concrete
this is where lioncaat comments "troll face lol" and refuses to elaborate any further and leave
10 likes and I eat my phone charger
guys yesterday i beat my third demon, im so happy :)
instead of deco you should record your dog being set on fire
depression is not a personality trait, race isn't either, and most importantly, sexuality isn't
rated 1 second ago :))
I will now nuke my comment for not getting likes.
Like if the description is inspirational.
like if youre on moooobile
airline food is gross
bruh
Not bad, sent :)
Very good colors! :)
Rob, have you chosen a theme for the rates today? lol
el que diga "GG 1 att" es gei
just realized you can skip reverse portal on 18%, pls dont remove that
All these levels are literally the same, im fine with ppl making whatever, but its (1/2)
dissapointing to see how they keep getting rated (2/2)
coins at 33%, 65%, 77%
just wonderin why u keep reuploading stuff
thank you :)
40,000 stars! ^_^
good quality
Ausk is making and uploading levels faster than Michael Phelps swimming the 200 butterfly
gg
first coin: go up at 34% as wave and down through the saws
2nd coin: go up at 64% as ball
1att
3rd coin jump as the robot at 76% (its somewere when your riding the cloud)
Only people who won can like:)
33.2k user coins, GG! :)
esta muy divertidoooooooooooo aaaaaaa
why tf is that ball spam in this so annoying
vict y ma
aceituna
Featured if like before here!
Like for minecraft, dislike for fortnite.
ball spam trash af
gameplay could be even better specially in percy's part but overall good mc, sent !
e
pass is 147258
La aceituna es el fruto del olivo La planta procede de Grecia y Asia Menor c pueden hallar en bosqu
Aceituna mis uebos.
Please replace the ball spam. Its really annoying.
#596, that ball spam is annoying
16 attempts. #1555
easy demon but i find it really inconsistent
Gameplay in dual is broken, and doesnt work specially the dual ball...
I guess i'll be the first to say it then. The song sounds like ass
Fun level, GG! :)
GG :^)
very bueno
there is a girl at my school and her last name is adolf
tiktok sucks
lik if tiktok tupid
1 like= one person who uses tiktok breaks their phone
like if play on mobile
like for GD dislike for fortnite
bro tiktok people copy a song and dance with their mom to it its literally stupid
For every like this comment gets, I will eat one chip, will I eat a whole bag if this blows up?
Tiktok is garbage, like if u agree
:D
hey its my song mom
Like - 1 Day no school
tiktok sucks
heda is probably behind half of my bans tbh
like if u hate mobile ads
you arent a daily chatter unless you hate heda lets be honest
Get this comment 5 likes cuz why not B)
ignroe if yiu wannto die dislike if you want to die
every pro players icon set all:all white,5 jce shards icon,all normal ship ball etc.
I vaguely feel like something is lacking, but I'm not sure what. Pretty cool though.
Dude this is Damn Sick!
Thanks for using my song!
OH LMAO I FORGOR :skull:
hello magic tab
good work sent :)
this home is very humble
Like if you there before feature :P
Pretty cool, sent for rate :)
RATE RATE RATE RATE RATE RATE RATE 
gg habel
Cute :3
DUDE amazing man
BE-EAUTIFUL 4* lvl! Absolute delight & enjoyment to play! Thanks a million times! Much love! GG. 8-)
GG GOOD LEVEL
ggood job
Really good level, but I know whats missing. Shading, so it gives depth. And some saws :)
Home 
pretty nice, love the endscreen
OMG Bagel house revel
i died. (comedy)
the second top comment is cringe, should i delete it
fighting for top comment is like a group of apes deciding whos strongest and can be the leader
i have 2 words...                                             2.2 when
anime is overrated (im probably gonna die bc of this)
also thanks for daily (+ scrubsibe to my channel(
guys please yell at me to go work on my levels and not spend my time rotting in daily chat
i will eat my toe if top 5 comments
SUP
bread falls over (comedy)
10 likes and ill change my name to something bad
why movies are great
how to not get many likes comments: be me
do you breathe air or oxygen
pee
gg
alr imma get back to minecraft, cya in a bit
3 likes and ill go beat a demon
According to all known laws of aviation, a bee should not be able to fly
OH NO! YOUR [Table]! ITS [Broken]!
privet maffaka
4y4 and maffaka thx you so mach <3<3<3
Nice
THis deserves a feature! :D
GGGGG HOHOHO HOW??? 4 cps my brother
eisai ellinas
Lol the name. GG on second rate!
w h e n i t s s p i d e r a n d n o t s h i p
good job my friend! 
orales bro muy bonito por eso el rate :D 
Overall pretty solid, I like the beginning a lot. Some of the designs are just super derivative.
poios einai o anastasiadhs
great level :o
GG FOR 4 CREATOR POINTS!!! Keep up with the great effort my man ;)
demons pls
awesome
Awesome dude!
Awesone friend, features :)     GG!
GEIA SOU ELLHNARA
GG
nice level :)
featured 7 stars
this looks way harder than it is
Really not bad lvl! But I expect more original work from you. So far, the last part is well done! :)
pass: 040406 pls like
I should probably take a break :D
1 like :D
nice level
nice level
i feel like this should get daily 
W H A T 
why are people hating? this level is so cool
but I-
bruh
GG's. Not entirely sure why this isn't rated as a "Harder", lol.
super chill level
GG! 600 user coins :)
@Lambda2 At least I'm dedicated enough to finish a level.
gg
So relaxing.
Ummm, Why do I see Auto Levels in Easy Level Filter with Star Rated Filter?
okay fine ill make a swamp level
if she gets ~100 more cp, she will pass ViPriN! That should take.. Maybe five-six months :P
JUST MAKE A COW LEVEL ALREADY
i searched up for easy rated levels and this popped up
ill extend this
GG! 123.000 stars :)
POV: you need 1 star to reach a milestone or funny star count
wtf, another auto in recent easy levels?
6666 stars 
paso de easy a auto xD
OMG FIRST ATTEMPT!
really cool
yo dawg want some storm soup? only a spoonful
:) :( >:) >:( :/ :O B) :V :P XD :X :} >:} :{ >:{ :[ >:[ :] >:] :# :@ :* :$ :& >:/ : : :3 :" :l :I
Its impossible to die
6200 stars :)
:q all emojis
such a delicious level
this is on easy levels
what up with all the top comment wars lately, do people want top comment that bad???
bad gameplay
that coin is annoying
GG, the ufo part is awesome, the wave-ship transition needs "D" blocks, cool level
Wheres the sync
garbage level, 72% is so bugged
Esta un poco rara la sync, la deco es hermosa
im gonna give this level a weird/10
pass 001526
in yo jaws
great colors but the gameplay is super janky
annoying
bad
Le iva a dar like hasta que vi la descripcion...
@Erquillo1 gracias bro :)
100% :)
Gg completado easy
i really like this level 
bad level
gg
Coins: 1. 40%. 2. 66%. 3. 95%. Like :D
ah, the classic black-screen-into-ball-transition-with-blue-pad-but-i-click-anyways-and-die
Geh dich waschen, du Stinker.
Nice
Wunderschoenes Hotel, sehr schoener ausblick aufs meer, das essen war bezaubernd, ich gebe volle pun
GG! :)
Thanks for the sequel :)
Waschraum... was ist das fur eine Name
English people be like: whats a "Waschraum"?
10 cp thx Rob <3
immer mit persil waschen ihr rabauken
washroom
GG! :) + all three coins ;)
bro wie kommt man auf so einen Namen--
plus thumbler , nicht vergessen :D nicht schlecht gemacht ;)
nice
Sweet level! like this :)
3500 stars GG!
gg,1 att
thanks
finished this in class ill fix shit later cool 
oh yeah logo design made by overdefo
relaxing autumn nights
I love this
This reminds me of the hills have eyes by ov
you played night in the woods didn't you
YOOOO IT GOT [Rated]
bonito :)
pants
this is amazing, im racist
Weird Autum is a song from Night In The Woods. Nobody knows what im talking about, do they?
1000 stars, love you Nuke :)
Really like the stmosphere :)
24 more to go for 10k :)
yeah that is nice
this is sick
This is really chill.
:)
Absolutely special 3* lvl... I could feel the slight tenseness as well... Thanks for the experience!
NIGHT IN THE WOOOOOOOOOOODS
This ruined my day
I HAD a good day, then I played this. Now my day is opposite.
deco 7/10 and gameplay 4/10 :(
El ultimo en dar like la tiene mas grande 
"Amazing gameplay!" -nobody
gg 25 attempts 3 coins, the first coin is in 49% under the mini structure
First attempt is a lucky attempt, totally not fun
bad day
rated!
First Coin..?
10.000 STARS HOLY FFFFFFFFF.. cool level:)
GG all coins :)
like si juegas geometry dash :D
16.9k stars, gg
Hermosa cancion, like<3
gg
lol 1 att and 1 coins
Good day, good level! :)
kale
Funny first coin
uhh, why did I die on nothing?
This is great!
this should get epic imo, anyways really cool level damn :o
well rude you dont deserve a feature. (fly straight up)
gameplay is not good
someone came from nexus ??
bad gameplay
19 att gg very unbalanced
 
ROB MOVE UR ASS AND RERATE THIS EPIC
In the wave, the rainbow balls kill you
everytime time i die i always RESTART. GET IT? GET IT? HAHAHA B). Anyways good level
my fps go wee down
Really good effect level :) Send to mods.
here before "who came frlm viprin"
insane
Who came from Nexus???
onion bad, got it
nexus xddd
the wave section sucks tbh
bueanrdo
top comments in 2016: LiKe fOr a fReE sTaR!
if this gets daily i will eat my phone
este comentario debe tener muchos likes..
beautiful level!
34k stars, GG! :D
10.305eme stars
epic
GG! Fun :)
GG
3 att, GG!
YUJUU!! 21 CPS WAPOO OWO!!!
like si jugaste el nivel
really?
:l
love all your levels!
GG! 4k stars! Cool level
wow :o
cool!
Nostalgic song
MY BIRTHDAY IS IN 2 DAYS LOL
i dont know what i did to deserve this but thank you so much
sorry to end it so short btw wanted to move on to some big projects :o
nice
Like if you searched VR
According to the UltimateGDBot, a creator named - got a lot of rates today, that's CRAZY!
cow
yeahhh this is what im talking about
GG
2 atts gg
i love this level
fixed 3d in first part and made last part 4* not 7* lol
Like Si Te Gusto El Nivel
c o w
gg coin
GG
GG! :)
Awesome level! :D I have no idea how people make modern levels this good
bien
700 User Coins!
this map so hard. I give 10 star and demon. :)
1 coins, 20% | 2 coins, 46% | 3 free coins, like pls :)
Like Dios Ignora Diablo
1 like = i will eat a couch
FINALLY AFTER 210k attempts, 112 streams, 72 broken discord vc's. GG
Collab with Slopes. He made the original on SilvrPS, and gave it to me to polish and reupload here.
i think by todays standards stereo madness is a 5 star
who else is here for coins?
Facilisimo Verdad
that doesnt fit into the level name space
easyest.Map!! I RecoMend for beginer!
First coin: Up the ball at 18%
gg
Acu
33333 stars :D
37000 stars!
when an easy gets me to 26k stars...
3 mill atempts, 2k streams, 10 broken pc's, we have done it.
GG and 1500 user coins:)
guess i gotta eat a couch
estupida crei que mi cel se estaba lageando
Amazing
secso
good really!
excellent glitching effect!
Casi no juego GD por hacer las tareas :(
Tremenda Obra maestra 20/10 y GOD
neat stuff
esto va a ser epic papus 
Very Cool :3
Hermoso Nivel <3
Muy bueno, muy bien logrado el glitch :3
Amazing!
pense que eran lag pero no xd 
10000 orbs :0
GG! 23,000 Stars! :D
tremendo el glitch :O
hard 5 stars
That glitch effect got me lol, good job!
Nice, that glitch effect was very well executed
This level goes so hard. Feel free to screenshot.
siniy siniy iney
like if u died at the fake secret path 
ZAMN
The usage of non-blending glow is amazing. Great work as usual ov! :)
awesome!!!!!!!
Overdefo casually making amazing unique levels every 9 seconds
That   pink .
my favorite part was when blue was used
vibes are on point
very unsightreadable
very cool
 i thought i found a secret way
like this comment for a cookie
the saturation is a bit too much imo
betiful
nice blurry stuff
bo-ring!!
have never seen a level like this before.. awesome
Interesting backgrounds
like if you saw donald trump
This has potential, could be a bit better polished, less repetitive, not a fan of color scheme.
Azul + amarillo = verde
spanish for blue yellow
coin 1: under saw at 10%, coin 2 skip green orb at 19%, coin 3: go up at 79%
i like boys but no one will notice cause my comments are never seen
Thanks to Sonar553 and rittee for helping go follow them
dificultad amarilla y el fondo es azul 
alguien mas cree que los hard 5 son mas dificiles que los harder 6 ? :/
congrats on ur first cp :D
Que onda con el donald trump del inicio xd
why so many biden fans :(
6969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969
El nombre del nivel es en honor A BOKITA EL MAS GRANDE PAPAAAAAAAAAA
noooooo
stupid invisible pads
Gg!!!TopNum143:)3Coins
wow easter egg de trump xd
alguien mas vio al trump del principio xd
did i just see donald trump
Cosmic (React)ion
when the cosmic is ion
well it looks like we did it bois
joe
LETSSS GOOO BRUDDAAAAA GGGGGGGGGG
What a Comeback Andr3omedaskita made. GG Dude ^^
Wait this is andr3omedaskita
Vaya, tuve que sacar mi deco legendaria para esta colaboracion ;)
thats fax
bro ur keyboard dont like that
19.000
Yash Andere!
yes, that was classic B)
GG! :)
Stars for Mr. Newhouse!  Agree?
i just farted
GG! 23,456 stars ;D
gg 26 attempts
awh
gg andre for the rate
why cant creators just make good gameplay oh my god
1%-20% I wanted to do something new, and I did a very interesting style. Thanks isaacpl01 ^ ^ <3
first coin at 27%, second coin: there's a key down at 88%, coin is at 98%, very fun level. Epic
Sorry, final part fixed ... enjoy it :D
OMG!!! DAILY!!!
alright guys...now we just wait for RobTop to finish eating...
i c spikes, so i jump. dont punish me for tryna jump over spikes
what
Thx robtop and people, I love you! <3
Thanks for more 86k downloads and more 6k likes.. THANKS YOU!!! <3
look guys its the dude who dont know how to map and spams motion triggers!!!!!
what the hell is this?
Beautiful style! : )
i got a heart (,,^w^,,)
good level but can you please explain why did you put an invisible cube portal at 96%
ok.
Re tierno el icono :)
11.000 stars :)
Awww... I Will give you heart too "Badkarma give you <3"
so i guess songs with lyrics in gd are a thing now?
coins, 31% uses a bug for coin, 71% up over mini portal , and 88% skip yellow pad, found many bugs
Pretty :)
:)
Balance the gameplay and it could be featured
hey bro, put a like if you were here before the assessment.
Wow! Nice level!)) like))
like si eres de nicaragua y entiendes la referencia
NICARAGUAAAA <33
Awesome :D
Es bueno volverte de nuevo con un nuevo nivel :)
Simple y hermoso! <3
Otro nicaraguense, me siento orgulloso de los creadores de mi pais uwu
chido B)
I like<3
Before rate ----->
ta chimba el nivel =)
GG! 50.3k stars, all coins :)
GG! All coins! :)
gg 41 attempts 3 coins oops
nice art and effects
i hate this level so i'm sending it
ship part was cool
by pinecones
ayyy thanks Rob :)
Pass: 002402 :)
i wonder who made this song ;)
Not the real the and + ratio
I prefer the first half designwise and colorwise, still really nice level. Good job :)
Why do i always die on 69%
wow these colors are amazing
GG
99k stars! GG
Nice
GG Nice!
GG! :)
not enough wave gameplay
nice
gg 28.1k stars
gg
"Ship part was cool"
The most fun and satisfying level I have played in AT LEAST five years. <3
That was so fkn fun dude
Soy de tabasco mexico <3
too spicy eye hurty
wait this level is such a banger tbh :o
super TamaN vibes from this, idk how ur so good at gameplay but i love it
los del estado de tabasco mexico:  .__.xD
The Spice Girls would be proud
Really hot right there
hello
que la secuela sea sinaloa
The most fun ever
get it while its hot
i dropped my phone
Banger
Great gameplay and colors, fuego stuff bro
chili
1 like = un nepe en mi ano, por fa no sean crueles v,:
i got it, and its hot
Has to be one of the most fun levels I've ever played
I hacked this comment so you cant like it twice ;)
like si eres de movil y no lo puedes pasar
Amazing for the fact that its made in only one day. Impressive work :)
what i need to do in the third part
we both know you want to like this comment for no reason
:)
the level3 it's impossible
e hackeado este comwntario puedes dar likes infinitos pruebalo
go make ur own game and i will download it
Like if you don't like peoples who say "like if..." I hate them!!!
well, we have an impossible level 3.
like si son de movil.........
soy de movil y me lo pase. 
i like but i cant pass level 3
how do you get stuck on level 3, i got a lot farther than that
I hacked this comment so you can like it 0_0
Lvl 3?
Bugs 
am i the only one who falls for the "i hacked this comment, you can like it twice"
i also hacked this coment so you cant like it
who else feels like they are the best gd player in their school?
You could have more variation of the style in the level, but Interesting ideas
not bad at all but the designs could have been more unique
nice:)
i hate this for some reason i dont like
Que bello nivel, cool
the song doesn't match the level's atmosphere at all. pretty nice tho, some parts are a bit empty
Neat, def could use more variety
Gg!!!TopNum187:)3Coins
are not very beautiful 
Perfect level for my birthday today:)
Leaderboards 153 y Attemps 4 GG :D
not bad, but a little repetitive. still cool stuff in here though. nice job!
bueno
Some things could be improved but it's pretty good
cool!
Thursday December 23 2021 - 6,000 stars  ;)
good leven
GG 2532 STARS!
here before feature
this gameplay is pretty buggy
1st coin hold from start 2nd coin tap black square at 37% then no tap at 49% 3rd coin no tap at 63%
this level is so overwhelmingly average it is just draining to play
9th comment -insert pixelated shades here-
Nice level but is is at least a 7 star and the sync is really off and 
not bad, colors were a bit weird but overall not bad
harder 6*????
GG All Coins FINALLY.
i clicked im so dum xD
too much orbs and kinda confusing begining
free coin in Begin
orb spam in the beginning is unbalenced, deco looks overly simple and gameplay needs a rebalence
this is so hard when i die i yel nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo are table its brokeeeeeeeeeeeeeeen
the gameplay makes me so lazy to beat this -_-
6 stars? its like 8 stars or smth
gameplay is STOOPID
should be a 7 star
GG! :)
all coins hehe
Why is this a harder level??
sent to Gormuck and JustL3o
IT GOT RATED, NO WAY DUDE 
Nice one, sent :)
i liked it sent :)
Man, you got robbed of an epic, many epic rated levels are worse than this.
GG!
wooooooooooooooooooOOOOOooOoOOoOoOoOOOoOOOOOOOoO!!!!!
beleza 
ya no se si falto una L al nombre
awesome!
Ficou incrivel necro muito bom ;)
Cool Level! ^w^
very fun level
Very fun!
The energy of the song is perfectly executed at the drop! GJ!
g
NICEEEEEEEE
gg coin
Nice!!
1 coin!
HA! I just died thinking the background was a platform!
#Yuntop1
#YunHaSeu for Mod :]
Impressive collab!
LIKE FOR YUN DISLIKE FOR VIPRIN VOTE HERE ^
reminder that top comments will not make you cool especially if they contain the word "like"
SO MUCH MOANING IN THIS SONG, SOUNDS LIKE MY GRANDMOTHER!!!
Nice level, sent :)
My friend, someday you will pass Viprin in CP.
yun is better than viprin
did you know not all gd players are funny? For example we have Crystal712. He is very unfunny.
amazing work Yun, i really love this style! 
Nice level, sent :)
like if u hate lvls with lonnnggg intro
#YunHaSeu for mod
GG on daily + top 4 creator. Zenthic is now the person to beat and youre almost there :)
Comment flagged as Tiktok hate                                    [like]
manny is so unbelievably fat
Nice level, sent :)
i wonder if tiktok users make fun of gd as much as gd players make fun of tiktok
ole
super creative and fun to play! :)
GG! :)
Dude I need a LDM! i want to beat this so badly...
awesome
pass 159357 :)
While I personally think this could have been less static and empty in some parts, the color combos are really well done. Great job, GG!
awesome level
This needs LDM even though it doesn't seem like it does.
one of my favourite levels. it's a shame non-extremes like this don't get much attention nowadays
wait virprin verified?
You're glowing up bro
super glad to have playtested this cracked level, the open routes and stuff at the end are so cool
doradura
This isn't simply good... It's very good gradient xd
Secret way at 64%
Doradura
GG 21 intentos :)
GG, fluke from 74 :D
GG! :)
as you probably noticed, this time i focused more on smooth transitions, colors and keeping it clean. Have fun!
Thanks for this wonderful level man, thank you for being the friend that cared for me. ily <3
Nice level. GGn't
pov: you died at 79%
if you ever feel useless, just remember that theres a ldm for a level with 8.5k objects
wish this gameplay was more interesting
second coin is at the blue gravity portal at the end there is secretly a red orb click it for coin
this is the level
6000 stars"
who else died at 79% or 96%
First coment ausk levle hehe
32.2K user coins, GG
not gonna lie sounds gay
YOO thank you Rob! 50 cp!!!!
Like Si No Le Entendiste A La Cancion XD
but yea thanks everyone!
casi llego callendo hacia arriba ;W;
as a smart fridge user i appreicate the ldm
GG :)
banana
among us blocks
clean
Donut
when the block looking kinda sus
the tiny black cubes in the background made me think they're real blocks
1st coin go up at 41% | 2nd coin go up at 56% | 3rd coin tap at 68% to hit secret orb | good luck :)
im the imposter
Awesome level dude!
1 like = 1% more
Awesome
amogus
gg 900 stars :)
Nice
i'm tripping out with whats real and whats not
this might be one of the smoothest levels I've ever played. well done :)
yeah my day is going pretty well.
cool! I liked the concept of expanding used throughout the level, its really creative. maybe focus
fail 
pretty clean, i also like the movemnets, block design is just a bit empty sometimes but its sweet :)
great level!
i hope it's gonna be the easiest extreme in the game..
Claim your was on stream ticket here --------------------->
i hacked comment so you can get uldm if you like it
Like if u watched Dorami's stream
bug fixed
difficulty be like : 20% ship parts  5% other parts  75% lag
literally ldm does nothing
i found it in recent lol, finally a good lvl in recent
Really nice!
"Make it drop" FPS: lol ok
yo gg
minecraft is better optimized than this
"Thanataphobia difficulty", there no way lol this is so difficult
69th victor lmao
There are no easy extreme demons
Like for Extreme Demon / Dislike for Insane Demon.
Claim your "Here before rate" ticket -->
like if you want dora in mod team:)
plz uldm;(
Like for rate extreme demon, dislike for insane demon.
YOU MUST BE KIDDING
the 30% ship manuever and the wave around 60% are complete difficulty spikes, balance better.
like dios ignora diablo
70% :)
:( 
The force of gameplay is not strong here.
sunset rambo soldier
dont you love when you spend 25 attempts on a 5 star
GG cool song
Nice!!
I dont know how i got through that wave first try
MY EYES R BROKEN
66
good song, bad gameplay
Ya decia que se me hacia conocida esa voz
not a good transition
nice gameplay, song, deco, and level name
5 stars be like
gg
i dont want to meet you again
hope she sees this bro
:flushed:
This is insanely cool, gg
1 like = Good level       No like = Bad level
sent for matilda
the hardest part about this level is trying not to cum while playing it, so i say its a new top 10
thank u baby <333333
banger
geometry dash 2.2 new sex mod download working 2021 no virus
God level
jeyzor my beloved :jeyzorLove:
Nexus will probably make a video on this
who came here from EVW
Quien xuxa es Matilda?
4%Matilda...
this is niceeeeeeeeeeee
who is matilda
if your from evw please drop the soap
Beautiful level! :)
Butch the monster looks cute owo
not silent, i can hear the song, disliked. not cool to lie. man :/ (in all seriousness though, pretty neat, i like the masking)
If being cool was illegal, id be a criminal. Not because im cool, but because I shot my wife.
to all coins grinders: do not get the key at the end for the last coin
yeah silent demon
really fun, would love to see as a daily level!
My dad has a bigger ass than my mom
like si eres hispanohablante
for michi
also thats weird because i see nobody else complaining about bugs. 0 people
ill have u know i graduated top of my class at Squidward Community College.to me u are nothing.
*CLAPS STINKYBURGER'S CHEEKS* you like that, boy?
@actionslayer you can show me videos of these bugs at jarvis#4548 on discord
hello chat
tripple spikee
thank god.the homie Eddie is here. These punks are trying to bully me Eddy.Whip their asses
Notice how the haters all went silent when Eddie The Asswhipper shows up to town.Don't mess with me
Level pass??
i think if we had an emo girl president  that wouldbe cool
like this if your name is not max
daily reminder to get your daily chest
Mhh yeah imagine if DreamEater commented...
I'm a rated level no way
THOMAS TURBATO
PORFA NO TE VAYAS, ERA PACK X PACK :((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((
WHAT
if i get top i will jump out my window i have it set up
Ahora si ta weno uwuwuwuwuuwu
wenardo
Original song got removed from newgrounds..
I just eat the Dream's dreams. They are about Minecraft and speedruns....
Amo los niveles de manaoos
Who is DreamEater ?
Congrats Manaos, this is the first rated level called DreamEater.
DREEEEEEEAM WEAVER!!!!
Rebeat for all coins, gg i guess
vamo manaos
Amazing!
R.I.P music :(
Why does every account I now look at and see has a feature. Maybe i should try
gg 16 attempts 3 coins
pretty cool
not fun to play
the only good thing about this level is the endscreen
says the guy who literally asks for DEMONS
The end art is so good..but this level is stained by bad gameplay
gameplay: Harder 6 stars. 
the endscreen is so cool what the hell
its been 3 days chill
GG! Nice gameplay and amazing glow style! Endscreen is very beautiful, nice job ;>
CAN ANYBODY EXPLAIN ME WHY THE ENDSCREEN IS SO AWESOME?
Still nice movements, effects, and usage of glow is kinddaa spammy but looks great. continue
Meow Meow Meow.
TO MUCH LAG ON LOW DETAIL AND I HAVE A GOOD PC 
Muy buen GP, buena deco, buenos efectos aunque el nivel esta algo vacio (1/2)
GG!! Fun
El endscreen en serio esta epico! suerte con tu otro featured :) (2/2)
oh ... so lag :C
doodoo
holy shit that end screen tho 
this gameplay sucks
GG!
The word 'mir' means 'dragon', and 'seoro' means 'each other' in Korean language. Congrats for CP:)
drinking smoothie smoothly
                                                                                    :D
really cool
GG!
Congrats on first CP!
mir is salad chef
Nice
Mayonnaise
featured with 30 likes wtf
GG! :)
First 60% is a 3 star and then it turns into an 8 star, beside the boring start fun gamepay overall.
that's about deco though, I really DON'T like the gameplay at the end of the level at all
GG! :)
Nice
Mulpa with GG! is literally 19 likes and normal people with GG! is literally deslike :/ or nothing
good gameplay other than that ONE orb in the ship at 70%
gg 1 att
Ooo
1st
I wish the second half retained the charm the first had and didnt shift to more linear gameplay
pre feature!
who knew a casual stroll could have so many dangers??
go up at 73 for coin
pretty cool but no peppermint 4/10
@Kovaa No, my name is a Ben 10 reference
Muy bueno 8)!
@Funzore no one knows... Someone or something might kill you while taking a casual stroll.
woahhhh gg 1 att
Quasi biot
muy comodo
like if here before feature
cool gameplay my friend like
this level got me exactly 400 coins! :^)
naol lods
GG!
gg coin
some parts give me ausk vibes
gg
Joder buenisimo, gracias por invitar al colab
nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice
un honor participar (LE BESA LA AXILA)
should be epic
Muy bueno, les quedo padre!
Wow, every part looks really good! :)
epic?
This is very clean, and well polished :) Good job
hiding in the poo
Cool collab <3
love it, probaly not 5 star though
Gorgeous designs! Some transitions threw me off but overall I enjoyed it a lot
I am afraid to pronounce the title loud since some germans might get offended
im here for stars
the anime pfp is so realistic that i cant even draw
Epico nivel :)
100k <3
this level is sooo cool!
one of the most BEAUTIFUL, SWAGTASTIC, and just overall AMAZING levels i have ever played! <3
Ta potente
the decoration is so nice
I love this, the level and the song was so perfect, definitely epic worthy.
like if this should be epic rated because it should be
Wooooaaaaah! :0
THAT WAS SO GOOOODDD!!! One of my new favorite levels for sure. How the HECK is this not epic??!!
destriv got robbed of epic
How is this not epic?! Amazing level!
this level is COOL ;)
love this winter theme + it doesnt lag my phone howww
Seriously, your decoration skills are out of this world. Keep up the good work!
nice level
14 att
i just played great masterpiece
Nice
very beautiful
Really good design, I like the crystals, one of my favourite levels for sure, why is this not epic????
this is litteray supposed to be a demon!
why doesnt this have an epic feature
Legendary?
should be epic
Congratulations with your first rated level! TikTok community will remember this day forever!
this will get top comment for no reason
AIAAYAHHAHA THX PLFOR RATE
fun and charming, nice job and congrats on your first CP
This is awesome, keep up the good work!
1 like = 1 like
Congratulations! :)
UPD3: Bugfixes and adding icon on Endscreen)
a bit laggy but cool lvl
lol gg for rate
watch this get daily
bad transitions but really cool level
good design, bad gameplay
@Pult0N your ULDM literally does nothing. Srry
pozdrovlyay s pervim kreatorpointom     uroven fanoviy
nice decor and bad gameplay
@diegogmddash BRUH)
rukablun sasina ochko blyadun vagiaa suka eblanishe vaggalishe perdun drochilq
The blocks moving to the clicks is genius, glad this is featured
28 fps=/
cebolla con chocolate
wanna collab? :D.
Manzana
clean
Video with coins on my YT channel
Manzanota
why should I complete two extreme demon wave parts just to get one coin wtf
arroz
if you don't like the coins, just don't get them lol. You can still enjoy the level without coins
The coins are cringe
248 att to get all coins. Took longer than I expected
slide :)
Cooo 8)!
GG's.
vvv the song isnt sad, it just has a different tune.
Great level keep it up
Arroz con huevo
Agua en polvo
How relaxing the level, you are a good creator, GG!, Palta XD
ur lucky, your friends play gd
y did this take so long lol
@iKenri it's not a spelling mistake LOL, ypsilon is an actual greek letter, not related to epsilon at all
k I nerfed the last 10% a bit, be happy now xD
thank you all :))
this level goes so hard
SUBSTRA MOMENT
Finally!! First good level with this music that conveys the atmosphere
thanks for the rate!
Mid
why are you guys disliking comments that are complimenting the level LOL, what did the FoxyLeGamer do to you xD
idi nahui
really good glitch effects
Ha! got u
Great level with rtarded ending, I wish people would stop ruinning their level for a troll ending...
NICE TRANSITION :)))))
This is cool :)
GG, great use of music sync! =D
gg 18 attempts
GG!
the ending is a bit strange but overall a fun level
1 like - 1 free creator point for you
Not a fan of the song but level is pretty nice
Quite nice
not bad
Gameplay kinda hard to read but it doesnt affect the difficulty because is really easy. Nice level!
If this comment gets 10+ likes, ill swallow a plate.
As you know, Manta is me! This collab took place for about six months. Hope you enjoy :)
6 + 6 x 6 = ??
great job :)
the first spider is a bit empty but this is cool gj
bienvenidos a niveles recientes, donde todo puede pasar xd
Nice
pretty good if you ask me.
G nice work !!!
the only thing thats weird is the gameplay
niceeee
rate
lets go new level dud
woow!!! the design is great, I loved it!! :)
Could be a lil less empty in some parts and a bit more optimized but its cool :)
Guys thank you so much wow my first rate! Guess ill have to eat a spoonful of mayonaisee!
So..  can I marry your level?
@jikill: yes you can. Take good care of her ;)
i like this
I'm glad that more levels are using Nelward's music, but this level's design is questionable at best
LETS GOOOOO Groovy II is out on my account!!!!
:(
Love the designs , interesting maze 
dont believe a word-
gg...
thank you all for liking the level :)
:)
COIN: Click the black orb at 15% and follow the route. The coin is at 21% (jump before the red orb)
Wow exactly 300 likes :3
so relaxing... it flows very well. loved it
Pls nauchi tak stroit...
#53 on leaderboard too :)
Wtf is that song?
this song is such a bangef
Interesting gameplay.
oh no! our gameboy! its broken!
I have a broken gameboy..
BREAK YOUR GAMEBOY
Amazing level, GG! :)
this is awesome!
pass: 696969 :)
nintendo banning robtop for using their icons:
if this comment get 300 likes i will eat my phone
Really really good stuff!
Breakygamefellamanchildboyconsolehandheldduemans
banger.
this should be next weekly ngl
a cheese nugget broke my gameboy
i've seen this great work !
70 attempts (+ 1 coin). Beaten on the weekly. #1518
the loading failed screen at the start is such a nice touch
banger <3
like this comment if you are true gentleman
super awesome level
Mom said if i get top moment she will buy me mindcrat
This is the best auto I have rated today
this level reminds me of this one time i took a stroll at sundown
for the coins get the small keys on 57%, 58% 59% and you can see the coins in last part
1k downloads in less than 2 hours y'all wildin fr
Like if you're here for silver coins!
you need the keys in the ball part :) good luck with them ^^
Super simple but super vibey, I like it
I wish you had spent some more time on the bgs, because they feel a little unfinished. Not bad. :)
coins at 57%, 59%, and 63% (keys)
like this comment if you completed this level
Why does this show up when you search under easy levels?
I was strolled
almost 20k downloads in a week wtf
i had the easy filter on why did i find this level
i added the coins as a lil challenge, where's the fun in free coins hehe
AMAZING BUT ONE WHAT WAS THE POINT OF THE STROLL: was there a hot lady there with me?
100K DOWNLOADS!!! :D
95K downloads :0
Oh no... 7th auto level.... ._.
gg 45 att
We do a little slowing down
i apparently did not spam enough
Gameplay has some readability issues but man I love this level's cleanliness
Here before rate- - - - - ->
really smooth lol, love it
slowing down *proceeds to go faster*
mis 2 creadores favoritos nwn
reaaaaaally good!
WOAH?!?!?!?!?
this level is so gooddd
THE DROP WAS SO GOOD WHAT?
@Atomiic you're saying this with a cat icon
zoroa's part is epic
nivelaso ostia
Not sure if this is a 6* x)
that sync
nice :)
.-. micaracuando me entero que no tiene epic
Its amazing to see how youve evolved as a creator (I was there when burnt toast got rated :)
lol 0 Likes and 0 downloads
Very cool! :)
amazing, sent :)
Amazing level! love the creativity here :)
Not a fan of the gameplay, but this looks great :)
Awesome
Amazing!
Who's from nexus?
awesome level :)
Bruh the only comments are from mods lol
pretty cool!
so much effort was put into the visuals/theme. Love to see it
this level is awesome! I love the theming and overall style
Iba a esperar cuando tuviera rated, pero veo que tardara mas de lo que pense, Pass: 312534
Cool but feels a bit inconsistent
I love this! Nice job!
Amazing level, GG! :)
GG! 60 attempts, very impressive theming/art, I especially liked the comic book design :)
This should be rated medium demon <3
masterpiece masterpice masterpice masterpice masterpice masterpice masterpice masterpice masterpice
#teamseas
my ship ran out of fuel
noviembre
when you wanted to try a lot of themed but actually have no time
Ship part was cool!
and gg
all styles and parts are designed by me only
This is a whole new level of "make your own clubstep"
The trick one is really cool, I wonder whats the inspiration of it
If nexus plays this level, it'll basically be a long straight fly challenge for him
"make your ship part" recent levels, but evolved
Impresionante creatividad hermano <3 Admiro el esfuerzo que pusiste en cada tematica <3
I read all of these words out loud lol.
like if you not good creator:)
amazing work dude
Pass is 613427
Finally, the geometrydashers will be able to learn english.
i hate my life
pov you die at 98%
What is pass? :(
why it so long(
you :) told :) me :) not :) to :) tap :)
COINS:  1) Jump right away 2) In ship at top 85% 3) Free :D
smash
  
Que bien quedo el nivel ^^ pero le falta ldm jsjs :)                                               
El gameplay es un poco incomodo pero los visuales muy decentes, nice
Gameplay: Do not touch at 77%     My brain: no u
Love it uwu
weird gameplay
gg
Me gusta :)
This was made by 6 people and this awful gameplay somehow flew under the radar before being publish.
I swear if I hear a smash bros reference, I will blow up the entire solar system.
Great but why did I die in that part? XD 
GG! All coins :)  and 12.9k User Coins!!
los mejores creadores para el mejor nivel gg
nice song
GG
nice   :D
Muy lindo Kumi ^^
i did green and green and have no clue where i am going
im gonna call the bird geoff theyre gonna be my child
it is crazy. Never see that before. gg
i dont have color. im from the 1900's
COINS: 1-Hold at 20%. 2-Jump twice at 43% and over the spikes. 3-Spam shoot at 86% until the coin
its cool, but its hard on phone
found dev mode by accident xd
like for a free pizza slice
Bird's name is Jeff
amazing
y do i only get gameplay complaints after a specific amnt of downloads?? this had 4 playtesters
Good ideas, very creative level! Happy Halloween! :)
how is this not epic rated wth
The bird's name is nuggets.
i love this
this is utterly amazing! congratulations!
freakin awesome????? go crazy
i wonder how you did this?!
muy creativo el nivel 1000/10
interesting concept
best level of the year
INVEST IN JAMERRY JAM
whos NOT here from nexus?
SILL ISSUE
He just like me fr
THERE IS FAR TOO MUCH JAM IN THIS FACTORY, LIKE A LOT, TOO MUCH, WAAAAAY TOO MUCH, A LOT, WOW
USE LIFE JAM! IT REALLY WORKS!
I watched Lemons 1 attempt that ship on stream lol
Nothing short of phenomenal
glarnold
jamtastic
:O
land of the free? then why cant i put my balls in the jam factory jam jars
Only a coupe thousand likes left before this is the 1st result for "jam"
like if here from evw
Why does everyone think Rob chooses demon ratings, the button to rate them is literally right there
this is so cool dude
First victor lmao, 100 attempts + like 600 on a copy where i also playtested it + 1 coin
WOOOOO
How is this not rated yet
Great level! I liked some effects and deco
the gameplay and transitions need serious work
next time please work on gameplay i swear
Absolutely incredible!
Cool!
Very awesome, I love all the small effects you managed to fit in. :)
like this comment before this gets rated
Very cool!
gameplay makes me wanna puke
bruh
bruh
bro doesnt know the pain of mobile lag
really nice
yeet
these transitions..
This is really cool! I love how you were able to vary your decoration all while keeping to the same style :)
nice
oooo
fun
you are a very talented creator!
Suscribete a mi canal de YouTube para mas contenido ^^
si no me conoces soy Zafkielk hay veces que me cambio el nombre XD
I really liked the atmosphere :)
VAMOOOOOS!!! GG!!! GRACIAS A TODOOOOS :3
This is not bad at all, only some small parts could be polished a bit.
Nice Work!
Felicidades por tu decimo cp! :)
3 att... WAY EASIER THAN 6 STARS
Coins: 15%   36%   69%
He put that coin here on purpose
1 attempt GG
:(
spooky castl
GG 2 coins xd
que hermoso
quedo bonito =D
this is not a harder.
GG a easy
gg
GG
1 like = 6 day no school
Amazing level! great job :)
WHAT IT GOT RATED THANK YOU WHIRL!!!!!
Pretty cool
GG's. 1 Coin. Pretty clean!
Very Good Level
croce gd
POV: you die at 86
oh cool i love it this deserves featurered
Its rated now. Yay
who ya gonna call????  uh idk
@Meowmaster85 thx!
GG!
click here ^                                                       
@Hyanide,.. toastbusters ;)
i posted on halloween      clearly
This should be EPIC rated... Thanks so much for such a colorful & slick 5* lvl! Peace! GG... ;-) 8-)
Teach me ur ways :0
nice designs!
I haven't seen a level with this song in soooo long lol thanks for using it
Not bad, sent for rate :)
fun level
like si te acordaste de una chica con el nombre del nivel :) 
es fanatica de lo s3nsu4l ella tiene una foto mia, ame el final XD
same as Gormuck
THANKS YOU GUYS I REALLY LOVE YOU <3
Vas mejorando mas y mas, tus niveles me encantan sin duda alguna :) 
chimba
Thx for dedication :')
Hermoso :)
Beautiful 
Need you love, love, love
esto esta mas solo que yo en el recreo
ella es fanatica de lo sensual, tiene una foto mia
level.. rate + stars :0
buenardo 10/10
Increible... Gracias por la dedicacion
tf? diana is my dog's name lmao
Ella es fanatica de lo sensual, ella tiene una foto mia...
Who is Diana?
hola
hola
hola
10 likes and i tell my mom im gay
Da Dara Dara Da
cool one mineber :)
adios
like = 100 stars
pablo
insert rate here ------>
Mineber is a real one for starting over. props to you!
Juan
Juan
Juan
Juan
juan tuniado
Juan
Juan
13.5k stars gg
like for GD, dislike for impossible game 2
she made long level, how long i slept?
why was this featured?
Finally new long level. Nice
2nd attempt of requesting a cow level 
Hey guys because I thought of the name can I have top comment?
This level make me wanna shlobort over my schmerborgers
OHHH YEAHH
I love my life
we definitely need a: Squelchy Level
omg long level from braeden :)
Siiiiiuuuuuuuu
im not a huge fan of this level but the bg in the wave is very cool
Correction: Sine Waves
so hot omg
Blongoskoughmeqiqlouiuhjonk
fsdgfhsgfgshfgshshhdgdgs
nice nivel!!!!!! GG
.
she is top 10 creator
but she is ranked 6th best level creator
your gameplay hasn't been the best lately
Recommended for you: Hazbin Hotel Characters Playing Geometry Dash (13:47)
did a full 180, crazy
moxie
bad gameplay and random invisible speed portal near the end is not appreciated
adding invisible speed portals never ends well
me when helluva boss
blitzo when
garbage level
really nice! :)
helluva boss
helluva boss episode 7 is out today
Some of the worst gameplay i have ever seen in a rated level
this isnt helluva boss this pokemon
I will always hate the mirror portal
GG! 101000 stars
Helluva Boss be like
Gameplay could be better.
R.I.P MOD.
gameplay takes a nosedive after the mirror portal lol
1 like = 3 day no school
Love the color variety !!
You might finally get a non-6*
not a fan of the first and last parts, like the middle tho
truuuuueeeee
your style is a little repetitive, but your excecution is always improving
feels really unsettling despite the loose theme. nice job!!
very spooky jay very spooky
spooky and cool
1attgg
the songs name has literally biceps
GG! :)
it has funny way;)
epic colors
great twist on spooky style!
27.7k stars!
first victor mobile like for mobile fewture?
11000 stars
nanananananananaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
GG 462 Estrellas, Epic :D
i apropve
as an orange myself, i also approve
my condolesces if you fail at 94% lol
orang
Did you know that the Russian word for friend is "drug"?
how many times has this level been reuploaded
The only drug I need is saving 15% or more when I switch to GEICO.
can you guys stop making jokes about suicide. its not funny. :(
orange or ange?
you didnt hurt anyonee feelings but you sure made yourself look stupid
Imagine Female Dahsers that don't use Cat icon: 1000 IQ  
nice level
so-called "femboys" when i shatter their ribcages and slowly burn them alive
gg
please dont date in daily chat..
:(
oh boy i wonder if today is ALSO StinkyBurgers birthday just like the past 2 weeks
... is it bad that i'm still not sure if i'm allowed to curse here
i've been a daily chatter for years
AYO
The fact that this doesnt use the song "sinking feeling" makes me depressed lol
looks pretty cool but some of the gameplay is kinda wonky 
sink
dont make portals invisible u monke
bro thats not a 8
there's a hack to bypass the object limit! also scaling cap is so useful
I sightread this in 2 attempts somehow. Probably 9* despite my performance
xdn't
Doopin, give up, we all know youre a pedo.
doopin was exposed as a pedo on YT yesterday lol
object limit is omega cringe this is really really good tho
what video?
I thought this level was honestly quite good imo. Made a video on this on my channel recently :)
xender : 80k objects, naaa, 300k objects, yaaaa
This is extremely fun
GG!! Thats very cool! :D
ratio pedo below me
great, but i think it would be a bit better of you played with structuring a bit more
Litty
Of all the levels in the game, this is certainly one of them
here before aeon finds his next medium size level and plays it on youtube
GG! First victor, really glad I could playtest this level :)
GG! 334 attempts :)
My FIRST extreme demon! GG
10sex
gg man youre so pro!
seizure warning btw dont forget that
you know who else is dogshit..... MY MOM
What's the difference between a child and a house? One sells for more
acu on drugs, but in a good way
straight up easiest extreme
sorry I dont talk to leaderboard banned people
who disliked
if the first ball was nerfed it would be borderline hard demon lmao
i blame deex
i was the second victor of an EXTREME DEMON?
it is trust me
nexus: hold my beer
50 Insane Demons, GG! :)
i fixed some visual bugs
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA spooky nivel
One of your best levels for sure! I love how the SFX adds a lot to the level, good job!! :D
This is super fun to play.
Loveeee this, favourite level this month
roblox is kinda ded
YES THIS GOT 6 STAR  AND DAILY LETS GOOOO
my favorite level from this rate wave for sure
Hi, today is my birthday, if i get 10 likes i will get 10 likes :)
WTF SLAUGHTERHOUSE,ARCTURUS AND FIRWORK RATED???
phursT
lets go the new top 1 am i right guys
top 10 girls that like me                                             thanks for watching.
Dude, I love this. The sfx were a nice addition :)
we did it boys, funny percent achieved
if you check the comments of the vid i posted a list of the most frequent daily chat commenters in my data set
gd drama 5 years ago: OMG THIS PERSON HACKED. gd drama now: 6th ped0phile this week
imagine begging for a virtual number to be big
why do you guys still care about the top 1 demon im suprised you even still care about your lives
1 like 1 sus
daily chat is humiliated by trolls for the 400th time
stupid
this is so cool
The only thing I found stupid on this level was the name
Somebody disliked all the comments, I liked them all , execpt mine :(  Little Help?
had to change the name from my yt video bc i couldnt upload it
I'm stupid
well, this is better than anything i would create.
stupid level for stupid players
stupid stupid stupid stupid
misleading titles are an epidemic in today's society
nice all coins
done! att 0 attpts
both coins!
HOLY CRAP THE SONG THE GP THE DESIGN IS ALL PERFECTION
stupid 
stupid level
don't flatter yourself
Like if you think I'm stupid
stupid stupid comment
neato
bruh i forgot about this block
this beginning was not necessary
why
YES FINALLY6 A GLASS BEACH LEVEL I LOVE YOUUUUUUUUU AHAHAHHAHDDHA I;'M SO HAPPY
like if you died at 0% then 1%
wake up babe new tenzk dropped
had to rerecord bc i got a text smh
ten
GG! :)
such a great level and song. big thanks for introducing me to glass beach.
Gg! 57 attempts :)
glass beach in gd???
THIS IS THE BEST SONG
luckily this level is easy
GG! :)
this guy can make a fun level but his visuals are visually visual
GG! :) 89 Attempts! The music probably needs to be replaced, I liked the last ship! Very fun level!
the weather is quite chilly
AMAZING
THIS LEVEL IS SO AMAZING
like if here before nexus quickly
he will never xiao
you wont get xiao
why are all of the magic levels today demons???????
ok, can somebody explain how I beat this in 25 atts?
Fun level, GG! :)
aside from that (bug?) this is really cool would be better if the difficulty was more balanced tho
like this comment if you is pro or noob...
not bad, not bad at all
i was going to record this but the sync just randomly goes off at the 50% coin and im not even lagging
UPDATE: i got xiao
gg really fun level
Gg :)
this demon cracked my skull II
GG 273 attempts, really fun minigame!
OMG!! HOW!!!
when ur friend hits you with an ok boomer so you hit em with a truck
GG! my first Hard Demon!
YOOOO
this is easy or medium not hard demon
feur
Fun level, sent :)
easiest extreme demon
This gameplay is fire
popping
rustam wants to know your location
literally every one of your levels is the same lmfao
nice gameplay, ou devrais-je dire, bonne jouabilitee
easy demon ;)
was devil vortrex supernerfed? probably it was for good.
bruh this level is kinda awesome
this should be an 8 star lvl, really cool
FIRST TRY (+ 3 coins) NO PRACTICE MODE USED.
Gameplay is really fun! :)
Thats not a 7*, more like 8 or 9
some of the most lazy coins ive seen
G- thanks for the 3 free coins love it
awesome gameplay!!
oh yeah happy halloween everyone btw
this level is not a 7 star
rob shouldve made firework the weekly like he did with bloodlust lol
like si odias a BTS
after 7 months.....
I absolutely love this level, good job
Pass = 202020 like so the other ones can see
the deco is nice but its really let down by the gameplay unfortunately. its just really buggy.
Fix some bugs!! Any bugs plz tell me!
EPIC
Lik if you play geometry dash
still sent for star rate
deco reminds me of desticy in some parts, really nice
yoooo deserved Epic
I JUST FLUKED FROM 32 HELP
1st coin: Get the heart at 2%, jump right after transitioning into cube at 7%
2nd coin: Get the flask at 33%, the coin is then given to you at 41%
3rd coin: Hit the black trigger at 54%, do a large jump as the robot at 72% to get a key (1/2)
Absolutely awesome!! :)
GG! nice level :)
Fix some parts, plz tell me if theres still bugs. Thanks for liking this lvl!
Not very fun, but it looks solid :)
here before "Very fun level" comments
deez nuts                                                                                 (like)
Wish you pushed it longer than the one minute mark. Great potential.
interesting and pretty fun, sent :)
very cool
that sync is insane 
Good looking, and fun gameplay! cool!
like if you ate glitchy-os for breakfast
gg on mobile like if you dont support lgbtq
Ok theres no reason to not like this comment.
the
wow this is awesome! super fun to play, great song choice, and really nice deco. great job :D
Most readable gameplay ever. 1 attempt, gg
Good gameplay :)
5 attempts, fun
Bro that beat was fire, just like the level! Good job!
COINS: AT 47% AND  -  WAIT A MINUTE NO COINS
interesting level you have great skills
3 att GG
lol
Neat
You werent kidding with the description. Love the vibrancy you went for in this
i think some of the movements happen way too late but other than that really solid level :)
i like this
GG! :)
guys this is off topic but i finally beat clubstep :D
Very fun level, sent ! :)
this is not easy demon!
Fantastic
i swear to god, i'm so sick of seeing renn without a epic rate. can rob just pls give him a chance?
gg 3 attempts, very good and fun level, sent :)
Im so good at doing bad
weekly demon always have a horrible gameplay
GG! 1 attempt to rebeat :)
like this comment if you took a fat turd today
fun fact of the week, did you know that penguins can actually fly if theyre thrown hard enough?
GG, 211 attempts. Really nice visuals, your best in a while. However, gameplay super unforgiving.
nice level :)
LiKe ThIs If YoU mAdE iT oVeR fIvE pErCeNt
lmao this aint easy demon im tellin ya
Like: Frio   Dislike: Calor
tengo frio
calor
a triple at the end of a 5*. seems legit
GG 1 Attempt.
5000 estrellas para un color que ni voy a usar
hace frio y estoy lejos de casa
52.502 stars
Update: Removed the triple at the end
bug.
Very chill :) But beggining and last triple spike are not 5*
caliente
1000 stars :D
frio gelado congelante
frio frio como el agua del rio
Not bad!
3K STARS !
that was so confusing
cold
:)
This looks amazing. Would love it if there was something to disable custom objects though.
Rob, why is this not epic? HUH?!
That minigame caught me way off guard
Awesome lvl thx for dedication my friend:D
The design is very good but it makes the level very hard for me to understand what to do.
Muy buenas animaciones :0
ta hermoso, gracias por la dedicacion :3
The arts are very well done and the level is very creative, thanks for dedication dhraw :')
Really cool :D
very nice level, i like the mini game as well
why was i upside down
...
Happy Halloween!!!
3 keys = 3 coins.
Thjs is probably the coolest level I've ever played!
GG! :) Nice Halloween themed level!!!!!!
level is nice but my phone ;(
an amazing combo between the level and the minigame nice job :)
nice arts and colors but some designs needs improvement :)
Fun fact about me: Im addicted to sweets
oh my god this is incredible
israeli prisons be like
glad u enjoyed please stay safe
best day of my life i got a 3* rate, only 9* left and ill have the full set
racism
To get the 3 coins jump repeatedly from 80% to 84%
where are the coins ?
fixed lag :)
unsetteling
if you hold at the very beginning of the level the first 8 spikes turn upside down
YO I JUST REALIZED That the lights in the corridor turn on when you tap and turn off when u release
It feels so weird when you quit the level and a happy menu song starts playing
click to make it not dark ;)
this level made me fart
very good level! It is rate!
What a good atmosphere, I was scared xd
how did i get coins? 
I can feel the atmosphere, outstanding!
y las coins :p
Wow I didn't know gd was a horror game
this is one of the best levels in the game.
seriously every scene from this level can be used as a wallpaper
very cleannn
knots marry me
just noticed the michigun temple levels reference at 27%, very nice
amazing, the visuals paired with the music works really well :)
the flamingo knows what you did.
the flamingo reeks of criminal activity
what a lovely feeling
im surprized that kurzgesagt also makes gd levels
I am
It's another Knots level that made me teary-eyed. What more can I say that I haven't already said?
Awesome! :D
Is Knots anyone elses favorite creator?
this feels like kurzgesagt - in a nutshell
EPICNESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Yes , I am Simp
GG
i literally got low power mode as i was holding.
i love jimothy, cant wait to see more of him in future levels
Happy Halloween to all<3
Those who read this comment shall claim their quest rewards.
el primer nivel que me ponen en dedicaciones gracias :)
Password 202104 (please like) :v
really cool lvl i love the bossfight
GG! :) 22 Attempts! 39800 User Coins!
someone hacked this comment... you  can now like it twice! try it
My goal was to get epic, but next time it will be :'(
VERY BEAUTIFUL LEVEL, I LOVE YOU BB
like for free candy
Like this comment if your playing this level in December (or 2022, etc. u get what i mean lol)
like if your seeing on halloween XD
SONG: CRAZY LEVEL: HAPPY HALLOWEEN III SMASHED TOGETHER: CRAZY III 
1 coin: 22% | 2 coin: 95%
Like if you already have your halloween costume
pass 202104 like coment plz
SO LAGGY NOT GOOD
good gameplay
insane bossfight
lo unico malo del nivel es que se acabe :(
@Liaxire ratio
@Liaxire ratio
this is like medium demon wtf
@Liaxire ratio
thanks for feature rob, thanks for all the support everybody
i wish i could see the gameplay better , kinda fun !
GUYS I HAM POPOLAR I AM INSIDE RATE LEVL GO LICK MY LEVEL AND SMACK THAT TUMBS UP BUTT ON!!!!!
Really cool, first part feels a bit messy but after that it has some cool effects :) keep it up! :D
cool but hard
good :)
@liaxire ratio
would give it an easy demon rate tho
oh my god
super nice! could be a little cleaner at parts but overall pretty good! nice work 
here before feature lmao
his first time trying is better than my lifetime of trying=()
gg
colors are fire
h
What is it with creators these days insisting that we can't see the mf gameplay
 
I had 3 coins.... :( please like so i feel better
dogshit
terrible gameplay
Bruh I was The first One to play
THIS LVL IS DOGSHTI
Aaaaaaa
a
i dont understand this ufo
I love it first to play
cool
and this son, is why you shouldnt do drugs.
GG
i guess it looks okay but WHAT are those movements
unique level but annoying
despues del 65 se ve vacio
gg
sorry but this suck
deco is hot. gameplay is not.
gg.
Such an awesome remake :)
man, harder than slaughterhouse.........
Very cool and good level
Feels like a heavily buffed easy demon
GGeometry Dash
ezpz
woo
wostwandalf
Everyone did so well in this project, hope everyone enjoys this level's gameplay.
gp was made by gods btw
ghost gangdalf
Get your "Here before rate" ticket here
Amazing level, GG! :)
Verified by fnm04
Same 
hey i'll take a free insane demon
#advyout
why do people think this is medium demon this is like hard or even insane
sent to Gormuck and mods.
This is the best insane demon ive ever played
you know whats bouncin? these nu
Petition to have Rick Astley's face as an icon for 2.2
ITS OUT, TEAM ADRIFTS SECOND MC
I assigned myself to this collab but apparently that doesnt mean anything even tho im an owner :(
Travis Scott when he hits puberty
I'm sorry who the heck is Pryven
lmfao holy shit this blows
song sounds like a baby crying with autotune lowkey
Alright class! Welcome to another episode of Why The Heck Isnt This Epic Rated!
epic
really hard to look at, I dont want to beat this
You know what's NUMB? D E E Z N U T S!!!!
??
:flushed:
gg
nexus, more like nexsus
Bouncin
like for easy demon
it was originally called the "jumpoline" until your mom used it
THIS IS VIBING SO HARD
When a GD creator goes outside...
This is great.
Like si no eres fan de cuties :) 
fantastic level!!
Fixed description , English is not my first language XDDDDD
RobTop Deja de ver rule34 de krmal y dale rate a esta obra maestra
sir this is a jumpy cube game community the only sports we play are on the wii u
Amazing level, GG! :)
this level is unbelievably gas I love the pool part
Dad: Go play some sports           Me:
Absolutely fantastic!!
pretty nice level! sent :)
Really good thematic level :)
like this if you like sports
Awesome
OMG WHAT!!! i just fluked this from 10% in only 5 attempts :O
niceeee
love it :)
now i completed it x)
lovely
sick level, I love the atmosphere!
Damn rob ya really had to do me like that :sob:
From 2 star rates to an epic, GG man!
What Hypno74 said. I was expecting a feature at some point, but going from star-rate straight (1/2)
should have stayed epic
to an epic rate is honestly an impressive feat. Awesome job, dude! :D (2/2)
THIS LEVEL IS SO COOL OMMMM
remember... *dies*
RIP Song :(
gg for featured!
It feels really empty, but I like the story behind it all. Very interesting! :-0
LETS GO ITS EPIC AGAIN!
Wait, did I just witness an epic level get DEMOTED?! This is so sad, I feel so bad for you! ;-;
what
govno
where    asri3l
Awesome :)
Wassup its staticz vastdj im in proggcyrus's account
que nivel tan raro pero a la vez increible 
1 ateempt
Easy Demon imo 97 att First Victor
Really cool! Definitely a demon though, I see some demons less difficult than this.
Definitely a demon, spent 91 attempts on this!
8 star?
This is impossible to sightread
weird ganeplay, and i love it
21.700 stars money's 
be careful
I recently beat NADRR (med demon) in lesser attempts than this in practise mode wtf.
I changed the moving blocks. If there are any other flaws, please tell me! thanks :)
It is a DEMON?
9* my ass
you should dislike my post
MUYBUENO
Very refreshing to play!!!
LEVEL DEMON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! PLEASE D:
asqueroso
bon
lightshow, and me, LIGHTSHADOW
thank god i fluked the ending 5500 stars gg
If Para had a website it would be a parasite.
love the effects and movements here, great job! :)
Would be better if there wasn't stuff covering the gameplay
Rob thanks, idk how, but I appreciate ot
happy gus birthday!
Dont worry, LDM removes the side text.  Hope that helps
who needs eyes am i right
GG I love your level but my eyes have a different opinion
brilliant.
did i see john lennon and kanye west in the background
what if i made Eye Saver just make it more flashier, how funny would that be?
the uh um uhh uh um
A work of art.
Insane 8* for my eyes
Okay so I THINK i fixed 81, shoot me a message if its still being funny
net blin glkst v ochke
that "eye saver" option just means the creator cares about our eyes. You got my respect bro
This is really cool
one od the coolest levels i have seen
dislike my profile
I love this level, fantastic job :)
Like this comment if you found something a bit "sus"
GG! pretty fun level :)
Que grande, espero y este sea tu primer Epic! Gracias por la dedicacion <3
epico como siempre, gracias por la dedicacion :b
like if you died at 0%
thank you for removing first jump
best hard demon
pass 676349
GG! :)
GG! 18 attempts :)
GG Great! =)
like if you hate fake orbs
31%
please rate slaughterhouse by icedcave og or arcturus
good level,i could sent it to maffaka
This is actually a pretty fun level, the only bad (in quotations) part is the very start
46 att probably easy or medium tbh
Happy Halloween! Epic level but its a little unbalanced
not gonna lie this is a really fun hard demon
height limit for building is 256 blocks
Im playing this 34000 feet in the air on an airplane, couldnt be more fitting.
Can we get much higher?
awesome level! you did a great job, sent! :)
Thats why I cant grab the taco
i absolutely love this
lower lower when tho
very awesome
bro you busted this out of nowhere and its sick
if i get 8 likes i will eat my fridge
one of the best pixel art levels ever. great job!
higher than my uncle when he ate the "forbidden mushrooms"
i thought i have 3 lives..
cool level but i personally find the gameplay quite annoying
GAS
This level design just was top tier 10/10
This is a certified hood classic
CaN yOu LiKe tHiZ CoMmEnT wItH cLoSeD eYeS?
why do people comment nexus like nobody cares
One of the coolest levels ever.
Where is thre gay sex with men
tw inflation??? WEHRES THE INFLATION WHERE WHERWER WHERWE RHEWwehrwerw is it..... wherwe ris t is ti
asking for a friend
MHM COOL AND GOOD
insane demon = like, hard demon = dislike (it's an insane for me !)
ZAMN!!
Fwoomph
we need more levels like this, where the block design is simple and blank. makes it a lot more fun
GG! :)
Definitely insane demon
GG! 195 attempts :)
insane demon :v
i died at 95 5 times and 94 twice because i am the worst player to ever play this game
INSANE demon
GG! :)
375 att, rancid
could definately be insane demon
GG! :) 406 Attempts! The second part with a bit of timings and the looped ending are good! Fun lvl!
should be insane demon
insane demon? well i was thinking of making it my first hard demon its soo good if possible :)
Omg My first 9*??!!
Fells like a 10*
How come the insane 9* levels are always harder than easy demons?
#Advyout
this is neat
cool level
nice style i like it :)
like if you dont have school today 11/10/21
Felicidades campeon por tu nivel de 9 estrellas
Good gameplay and design overall ! Nicely done :)
GG!
gg beautiful level
nice level :)
Easy demon couse the lvl is very long and difficult :3
really fokin fun level ngl!
25 att gg
Nice.
epic
modern and good deco
Yes, the songs name is really *soft jam*
alkahub
there are colors other than orange in this level i hate it
thanks for the shoutout, i never thought this moment would come, thanks, and, i'm just so grateful f
this level is good because im in it
orange you glad alkali released another banger
so creative I love this
are you seriously playing orange by alkali by yourself???
apel'sin
what a wonderful endscreen
nice balls
thank you for reminding me to go eat an orange
this level is  ery cool. )i like oranges
oh my god he turned lumpy into a level
#FreeMrTriangle :'(
if this gets top comment i will invent a word that rhymes with orange
yo
Naranja
10 att alkali top
whoa
This is so cool dude
me thinking hit meant to smash into the thing
fun & really nice as always 8)
WOAHHH this gameplay is super fun, prolly a 9* tho, really clean and cool visuals too!
featured level nowadays has a very unbalanced gameplay :(
jean noel clink
Clonk
Fun level! Keep releasing these bangers :)
the beginning reminds me of jumper
Not sure if this is an unpopular opinion but I LOVE prtal ufo parts like this! Incredible level!
Did you know that Defenestration is the action of throwing someone out a window?
no offense but, these levels are getting the same over and over :P
unbalenced gameplay
like if you played before rate.
had to quit after 300 atts. the gp is so awkward and buggy that the level just becomes a nightmare 
fingers *broken*
Hi moderator
not particuarly enjoyable
Nice
win
nivel curioso
Mod - Master of Depression
Like if you are not Moderator
IT GOT RATED WHATTTTTTT BROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
nice colors with very fun gameplay, good work :)
if i were mod i would send
This is the greatest thing ever, im so glad I inspired something this is literally so cool!
:))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))
1,2,4,8,16,32,64,128,256,512,1024,2048,4096,8192,16384,32768,65536,131072,262144,524288,1048692. .-.
this is so unique woahhh
id say its more of an easy demon
YAY MY FAVOURITE DEATH
gg fun :)
not bad
swag wease
Dislike this comment if you like do the opposite if you dont like it
ooh a good level les go
GG Dolos 100%
whgat a place to die
Such a good level but I died here. Why.
demon imo, still an awesome level
Wa Sans.
like if you are straight
s
the next top comment is gonna be funny just like bread!!
twitter is basically if hell was a social media
Comment flagged as dog                                             [pet]
Overall a really nicely made level, but that last ship part could use some tweaks. Way too bright and hard to see what's ahead, had to turn on hitboxe
wow!!!! THX everyone!!!
all these dumb undertale comments physically hurt
like for 2.2 dislike for nothing
"IM REPORTING ALL OF YOU" ok deci
breaking news: dream isnt and was never a good youtuber
in fourth grade we also made a song about rocks and minerals titled "rocks and minerals"
rate demons
I BEAT MY FIRST DEMON JUST NOW im so happy
dude if u like my comment i will destroy u
Like who play in mobile
"lets go brandon," he said, scampering away with a childish giggle and shit in his pants
like if you are using fire trail, dislike if you are using default trail.
the best 3d mario game is galaxy and that is not debatable
Went from extreme to insane to hard, i think it's an insane demon
GG! 371 attempts, very fun but this kind of GP is tough for me.. probably a very easy insane demon 
GG! :)
where my before feature peeps at
wonky but i think fascinsting gameplay
Why does this man have 1  cp
did not excpect this lol
GG! :)
dry cement 
Designs are decent, The gameplay in my opinion brings it down at some points
this is awesome, but the balancing is kinda off. gonna try it though
nice. (3 deaths at 86)
well you thought right
gameplay was very annoying :/
why this is hard demon ._. 
Pretty fun tbh. I think I'm going to try to beat this!
I Agree It Is Extreme And It's Hard
Well, rip my motivation to beat this now that it's not insane
wait, this level was extreme, then insane and now its hard?
Unique style and gameplay ideas are great. Keep up the good work. Transitions are a bit distracting
very nice colors. you shiuld probably try adding more movement in your levels!
really fun as always! sent :)
waiting for featured! <3
Petition for Rick Astley's face as an icon for 2.2
Nice one, sent :)
among us level song!1!1!!1!!1@!11+!1
noooooo 98%
only small complaint i have is the saw at 68%. yes that could be removed to help with da transition
how.
theres like a bug or something at where i died. Just have that one spike removed
gotta go fast
jajaj GG!!
This was so fun to play!
only 2 demons and 0 coins? this man magik
peep my percent :(
gg 4 att 1 coin
jesus
Noice
And little sceret way on 5% OwO
this is gooddddd
Coins:  37%, 61%, and 98% like so everyone can see :)
worst level
sent by sinko 
dont click the orb early on last spider part u will die
all coins!
bug
Incredible level. Top 11
not bad :)
_
gg on your first cp, but make sure to playtest your levels.
why does everything in this level feel so big
i fking hate the robot part
That last part looks like Ionn
love the design
cool
gg 7300 stars
bad transition but cool level
GG!! Free coin
thanks for the free coin :3
i thought the lvl was over at 89% lmao
the game
Casually making a paper swan using the second background as reference
Beware! Cuidado!
as a friend of yours, I am happy this got rated. The level has flaws, but it's overall simply nice!
tem um flinq meu no flo
please enlighten me why that last ufo has to exist, im truly stumped
i know how to make oragami now thanks ^^
now i know how to make a paper crane, thanks prank Origami
GG 15k stars!! :)
  
sweet!
F
cool lvl, it was a fun challenge just focusing on the background and playing with my peripheral vision
I think the first and last ufo section needs jump indicators
Definitely star rate and maybe feature worthy, would like to see more movement but still, great job!
a
congrats on first cp, well deserved :)
This aint a 6 star this is hard lol. Still great level and glad to see it featured! GG on first cp!
beware! cuidado! (gameplay kinda bad tho)
GG Finally.
slava ukraine!
Really clean stuff but I'd like to see more air deco in the latter parts. Sent for featured Hard 5
First Cp? :')
You should fix that transition at 84% but everything else is pretty cool, sent :)
for the coin, use secret orb at the GET READY part
I really like the concept behind the level and the execution is great, needs more moving objects :)
pretty enjoyable, and the decoration is neat! you should rework that transition at 84% though
i really like the gameplay but decorations in some points could be better. Try to fix also 85%. GL !
ukraina
Fun level :D
why its not rated yet?
ukrainian lvl :0
not bad at all. Designs could be cleaner and it could be less messy, anyways its a very cute level!
83% - good example of how creator absolutely didn't care about bad tranisiton and made it auto -_-
GEEIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
Thx Rob!!
gg, coin at 70% , jump and tap when the indicator shows and then you get the coin :)
HOW IS THIS 5 STAR
Awesome level! Loved the theming and decorations
Cool transitions and good design :)
you will be on top 6 :) 
Like this comment if you are here before feature. Or even after feature :D
like if Yuhanseu will dethrone Viprin
Like this comment if you like YunHaSeu14 ;)
si al fin 2000 niveles rateados pvt0 icono de m1erd4 
Its an honor to see this in the recent tab!
lol
before rate?
Such a cool style! Really loved this one
I think Rob got a little tired of rating YunHaSeus levels, so he just gave up on rating them.
why no stars!?
collab with little!?
like if your here before feature
dont jump the last pad xD
the layout reminds me of promises
how the hell do you just pull out amazing levels like this?
GG ATTEMPS 3 O 2
rob just doenst want yun to dethrone viprin 
para cuando el featured?
este nivel va a estar rateadp dentro de poco
stop forcing yourself to play this level
creating isnt for everyone
Mans picked the song after he made the level
creators on their way to ruin their levels with awful move trigger usage
something seems off about this level
terrible gameplay
gg, really bad gameplay, no sync, unbalanced af, rng timings, very very very annoying things. worst 7* i ever played in my life
thats gameplay is trash but the deco is insane
This level is so bad
so bad
Not a good first level of the day.
gg 35 att w/ 2 coins for a harder '-'
LOL
g
please I ask for help for a desbaneo of my mind I'm sorry for my mistakes of the past I promise to 
this lvl has zero sync, it is so weird
no
where the sync at
what
never touch the editor again please
Nice name lmao. Gameplay gives a bit of map pack vibes, but in a good nostalgic way
Good luck on that star rate bro☆
1st coin: up at 45%, 2nd coin: Skip the red jump pad at 70%, 3rd coin: Go down at 94%
im glad to hear i couldve been an inspiration, good job on the feat
bruh
woah! that second part took me by surprise, this is good! =D
Why is this rated
lol
No its not copied.  I dont have levels this good but thats cuz i havent finished a good lvl before.
This means i could have gotten my first cp 3 months before i actually did lol
zachly i saw ur comment on my level the level is inspired by you (mostly) also by danolex
4000 ESTRELLAS SIIIII
R E D D I T M O M E N T
when blueprint gets star rate and this gets a glow ring
honestly this deserves only a star rating. but still, why tf shouldn't it get rated? i like this!
Cool level!!
gg
woooo!! Beautiful.. Thank you.. Cool 700 Stars for me :)
memoert demon
Good coins.
Like this if you Love your mom ;)
the last ball part is just terrible
the bitter world is now falliang apart
f*ck every bit of this gameplay
Gameplay :/
ugly and unfun 4ss level. no offense but ur transition sucks bro.
Atrocious gameplay. I hate this so much
are you too braindead to understand the simple concept of making a good ending
activate the LDM please, some of us play on mobile -_-
I think gameplay could be better but the design with song very cool 
Sorry but that last part is shit -_-
this gameplay is so bad, boring, and F.UCKING BUG AT 93% HHHH
This is amazing!!! <3
i hate last part
the gp could be better.
Viene Un Bebe Zombie Lo matas :) Re cuerda que Es hallowen 0_0
Happy Halloween !
the sightreadble gameplay is now falling apart
GG! Happy Halloween :D
gameplay is kinda bad
I smell... I smell cp on this level... it's all about time. Amazing collab  :3
:) AzaFTW a GOD
Frickkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk Frackkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
wubba lizard
I am just a straaaaaaaaaaaaaangeeeeeeeeeer
yo pick this guys level
prob never lol
wow haha that end art is great i wonder who made it boost my ego please
Get your cp you deserve
Like if you came from Wulzy (lol).
perseon below is a dum dum
gang gang
dope
This is pretty noice! ^^
First Actully epic generic level in history! (that means its SUPER epic)
FEATURED
Cool level :)
just a stranger where I stand....
dull colors, but other than that rly nice
RobTop rate when
epic level. Fubrub sould click more on the magic button
i just tripped balls. holy moly that part after the parallax was epic but the level lacks a theme :(
noice 24 first attempt
Holy crap look at all of those layers!! Great work on that :D
please for the love of god remove the wave section, or at least make it more sightreadable
the wave is ... UDUEZHEKZJXHZISJDJEUS
the wave...
cool
I Really Like This Level!
beautiful level
There is no lags. How!? That is the real magic...
oh yeah the whole second half actually is just not 6 star
that wave belongs in a hard demon
what are you doing robtop rate this
AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING 
Amazing!
that 3d part tho
If this don't get epic, I don't know what will then...
It's nice seeing abslute bangers from early 2.1. Sucks this never saw the light of day again
cool but where is the fog
pretty neat :) sent
couldve been better with better saturation, and more air deco
Great 1.0 level
Idk why I really like this
you have a moral obligation now
Well done for exterteminating that cursed orb.
woah Hyperflame actually commented here after I sent it to him, that's rare :0
Oh hey i actually remembered to register my spot on the level leaderboard this time
YOU SHOULD LOOK INSIDE YOURSELF AND ASK YOURSELF, WHY ARE YOU CYBERBULLING;(((((?
my gameplay is broken
RATED after like 3 years YESSSS
Hmm.. I'm loving the gameplay so far. It's intense enough to keep you on your toes
the fourth part is tastier than oreo-flavored cotton candy
The level also syncs pretty well with the song! I don't really understand why most of us decide to
to make a level with a minimal amount of sync, why not make it feel as if the level is truly
connected to the song?
Okay, i passed the level! Thanks for the dedication my good friend
pinecones why did you delete my second comment. i said my first comment was rude
also thank for dedication papi
i wish i was a mod so i could send this
this gameplay is not okay
his name is "fl"etzer" oooo
I love the design and the feel of the level, unfortunately the gameplay does suffer in some parts 
Gg, not insane demon tho.
GG! :)
gg :u
Even though it is demon I feel like the level would work much better as an easier level ;-;
GG 222 Attempts w 3 Coins! Pretty Fun Collab, I like this song too! :)
GG easiest insane demon in the game lmao
The gameplay is sooooo satisfying
Gg! 27 Attemps, Get featured?
Even the gameplay of the second half is amazing! just that dual ufo spider can be fixed I think
4774
GG! 66 attempts, extremely fun and probably a medium demon :)
this needs feature now!1!1!!1
gg did it without practice mode lol
;)
AYO DRUNKTOP THIS IS A MEDIUM DEMON 152 attempts GG
GG! :)
Intresting level, I'll try and beat it some time later ahen I feel like it :)
rate
this comment before rate :)
jeez the number of collectibles requiered for the second coin is way too much
nice
Magic niice
Sexy
bro the cube transition into the spider got me in tears 
This is worth 5 CP not epic, no, it should be called, um, outstanding and is worth 5cp!
super nice
Thanks rob it means a lot!
This is epic love the colors  :)
i turned on ldm and its still laggy
ESTA INCREIBLE yo creo que si se merece el rate
what part of me didnt understand the jump sign
0w0  (GG)
I couldent make it
good level
20.7k
GOOD LVL+SONG+2COIN :)
cereales con leche o leche con cereales ?
nice level :) first coin is at 33 at top of ship, second coin is at 55% in between the two spikes :
and the third coin you have to tap w the ball right before entering the portal at 63 :)
I love the drop!!! Lets see if you end up passing matt in cp 
im flattered that someone is inspired from me, thanks for making this level! :)
Some very wack transitions but nice block design!
Gameplay ordered from wish
lol cool magic
wewrfe3r9gj802ti5u9j0g94i'eokrijkeofkikrfkrkkfrirfrifrfiririfrkififkrfrrkof
h
gg
interesting
nice level 
nice
IT GOT RATED LETS GOOOOO
GG All Coins Finally.
don't jump at the end
Cool Level :)
GG
LETS GOOOOOOO
this level takes 32 clicks lol
God I wish I were good enough to beat this
gtreen munce
awesoem level cant wait to try it out
good stuff
Don't see a lot of levels like this often. Good stuff!
i dont get it
insanely creative
Password for Copy: 180211
who is thom yorke and why does he want to get into my pocket
this level is impossible
hot take: this is an extreme demon
How to pass the duals: Do it like killbot. Click randomly and hope for the best.
a replacement song has been added! sorry to anyone who has to replace the file again
i hae it
"Cool robot gameplay isn't real, it can't hurt you", Cool robot gameplay :
This is too easy for insane demon, probably harder 7 stars
who is thom yorke and why does he want to sink and dissappear
Congrats Burger
This is the 420th extreme demon rated
#ratelotusflower
T r e m e n d o
tremendo nivel
People who say "#advyin" are the type of people who think that the Earth is flat.
3men2
aqua will be next daily, if not i will be sasd
tremendo
stinkyburger after inventing geometry dash so he can threaten to quit so he can get more likes
nice job guys :)
tremenda coin del final
did you like it
ta tremendo
#advyin (the death row)
why do ppl hate me when i say i like this level?
quien reprobo un examen
@bii u can find my req server in my about me - will check all message requests in a second
wtf 0,0000001 % de probabilidad de encontrarte en recientes 
"tiktok sucks"=unfunny "fortnite sucks"=funny
Anyone ever get tired of practice mode music? ._.
hello guys :)
E
nice level :D
kinda bland, but not too bad overall
nice level guys! :D
amogus book
nama level yang unik
Pass: 347859
thanks for collaborating with me!
o cool
mantap bang
Cool level
ena-ena akwowkwowk
Indo kah??????
36325 stars.
1 att easy
Nice c:
Gg 3 attemps
enak banget
The book looks SUS
GG 2 Attempts :)
Enak enak :)
ik,im annoying but sub to my channel,this is my wish for 9 years...to be a ytber af least 1k-10k ty
Cant wait for this to get a rate
GG! 2500 user coins :)
feature worthy
GG! 1 coin
the pass is 572234 like so others can see!
38188 stars.
Thx for the free coin my guy
gg with coin
nice level
Looks like my grandmas capert
dd
nice level!
GG
amazing level!
gg
1 att with Coin GG :)
que hermoso
GG, 1800 stars
Great level, cool colors!
Happy birthday ! Hope for an epic ! <3
Happy Bday :)
i forgot about that ionn LOL
GG! I passed Linooo, I'm now top 5 :) 24/11/2021
how it get rated in 10 minutes. HAPPY B-DAYY!!!!!
that is the fastest rate ive ever seen
i turned 14 yesterday 11/6/21
155,000 stars. GG! :)
Awesome. You and Hydren always make sick gameplay :)
12k stars gg!
NineTeen dollar fortnite card, who wants it? and yes im giving it away remember share share SHAre
par contre le format de la date mec j'ai cru qu'il etait ne le 11 aout
GG fluke from 49% without practice joyeux anniv Spagh :D
Viprin
hi viprin
ViprinSpaghetti :)
great gameplay!
All coin :)
Le rate en 8min, pas mal ca
Happy birthday one of my favorite top 100 players <3 =)
pretty cool!
GG! Very cool ;)
if i beat this level with my toes i will jump in a bush
here before feature/epic/daily
increible
GG! 1 Attempt! :)
Cool !!! GG :))
nice :)
3 or maybe 4 star feature in my opinion
epic
A 1CP de cumplir tu meta mano :DD! Vamo' que si se puedeeee!!
Wow, this deserves epic, gameplay 10, deco 10
id like to see more movements and dinamism on the gameplay but the designs are pretty nice :)
very impressive
adonay congrats hermanito
decerves epic
2att
GG decoration and Gameplay Sent
epic
G! 4,000 stars :)
giving out sends for halloween
The Spanish Squad / El Squad Espanol
Really nice. Fun to play especially.
Legalize jaywalking
kewl
LEST GO!!!
:)
If I was a mod I would have featured sent it, this is really good, the gameplay is consistant! :D
LETYS GO!!!!
LETS GO!!!!
LETS GO ROBERT
my fav halloween lvl
GG! :)
if i was mod sent
A very good level, I could definitally see this being in the awarded tab.
gg 14 att, really fun except the 1st part at the drop where I can't see what anything is.
Happy Halloween Sent :)
i think this levels late
GG, lest go! :)
 
cool level!
uff men buenardo :D
good level! sent :)
105k stars
Nice :D
The decorations and the backgrounds are really cool and the gameplay is fun! :)
75% dash orb is bugged
26,500 stars!
Great level! Glad see this featured
GG :) 
GG! 48 att
gg 37 attempts good level :D
Tremendo fluke
Daily
GG!
nice
oh rayos, chispas
holy finally a rated lvl with this classic song
GG very nice lvl 
damn i made it that far huh?
Wenaa
Srry for everybody who plays on mobile, some parts are laggy. I will fix them a bit
WOW THE BEST LEVEL IN RECIENT
<3
que grande se ve mi nombre
ta potent3
well this is fun to play
GG! Awesome level, I really love this song :)
Masterpiece
Fantastic level! Very fun gameplay and great energetic atmosphere, nice job ;D
Awesome level.
gg! <3
love it
wow
Thank u everyone for the support! I will try to upload one level every month at least (maybe fail)
NeonDusk que te fumaste esta buenaso 
aparesco ahi (: asta el final el ultimo
I decided to complete my level right now... Why? idk
gg sw
SLAAAAAAAAAM DUNK!
let the bass kick bwwwwwoowww bwabwabwa bwwwwwowwww wawawwawah wowow
3rd attempt of requesting a cow level
let the balls kick
QUICK!!! LIKE BEFORE THE MODS GET HERE!!!
i am sorry. i cannot let the bass kick.
let the bass kick
what if luigi actually was mario but just taller
let the bass kick
let the bass kick
Not bad! i like it!
pixelgun3d refrence?
cool
GG! 1.7 Million Orbs! [11/5/21]
gg
looks like you're going to the magic tab, jimbo
the comment below owes me 3000 stars
croc
me when the bass is kicking
let the bass kick
gg tho good level
Mi amigo despues de que lo banearan por pendejo:
cuando un presidente gana las elecciones:
Guitar despues de su funa: era bait
Yo despues de que medio servidor me funara :
epic drop
Drop was cool!
*Acosas por internet y haces que 5 ni~os se maten* - El argumento:
cuando Castillo gano las elecciones:
why is this not epic?! 
Banda era bait :'v
<3
Yo y los papus cuando nos baneaban por contenido ilegal:
edgys despues de provocar un suicidio:
9600 stars!!! 04.11.2021
laik si te va relag el nivel
MISSION: GET THIS TO 1,000 LIKES!!!
esta increible, sinceramente esto se merece epic, buen trabajo
Yo despues de que me banearan de club penguin por insultar a un nino de 8 anos:
Cai en el bait 
me da mucho lag y no me lo puedo pasar :v
Nice!
THANK YOU SOO MUCH!! 03/11/21 20 Creator Points, thats crazy!!!!
these transitions are terrible
gg 2 attempts
gg
hard
GG
trash transition you cant even see it
Done!
WHAT
wot
GG!
gg 13 att
i messed up
GG, Nice level)
my new favourite level;)
nice
GG :))
buen nivel un poco complicado
gg
Firework
not 5 stars!
nice level but it would be better with colors, sent :)
this is super neat, i hope you get your first cp with this. Great job!
Could be better with colors, still pretty cool, sent :)
Clean level, but improve your gameplay and don't rush the end! Send to mods.
transitions are the worst
 
not very cool gameplay
:)
Hope i can get something in this game lol :3
my mom is fking annoying
:D
well deco its good but gameplay its so bad
demon key
Noice lvl... Just sweet... Took me 43 att. in total... Huge thanks by the way! Much love. GG... 8-)
7 star
bad transitions
looks quite fine
Firework but Trick couldn't verify it
gameplay could be better, especially transitions, but not bad!
like for a cookie
83 att thanks to the dumb gameplay 
wow incredible level I love how you used the glow ;)
what a dumb transition. place a pad there or remove the spike, god damn
FINALLY
cool atmosphere
Good level, sent to mods, I also already reported the child who copied your level and uploaded it
kinda annoying tbh
you do not have the rights to call that a transition if u make such transitions
71 is absolutely evil
71% Caught me off guard
I like the design, but it has an annoying gameplay
What a quality level. NOW GO REQUEST THAT TO THE MODERATORS!
i saw amogus text
Cool deco, really frustrating gameplay.
Scary. Anyways GG
Coins = Cancer
bad
Password: 765432!!! NOW LIKE
Gotta respect a 2* with actual gameplay
hello
Like Si Juegas Geometry Dash :U
This comment is hacked and u can like it twice
A 2* level with gameplay? Unheard of! Only nitpick is if you're gonna make saws impossible to die to, remove them entirely and put blocks there instea
Pretty cool colors, some parts need a bit more work tho, sent rate :)
rate feature daily very good
Roses are red. Violets are blue. Don't look at my percentage, for the safety of you.
i like
COIN: Jump over the jump pad at 77-78 :)
just a tip, dont put fake spikes or the player'll be tricked by it.
cool
Hahaha! It must suck dying at 36%. Imagine being that bad at the game!  
i wish i could rickroll people on gd
he will never reupload
Los colores estan buenos en este nivel!
pass:012301
ehehehehee number
L.
a te invece te se incula un immigrato
Fun level, sent :)
YEAA ITS OUT OMG
this is pretty nice, it just has an 'unfinished' feeling though, not sure how to pinpoint it. cool backgrounds and effects tho!!
splish splash
not bad , but actually i enjoyed that sent :)
good level :boop:
font by pentpresents btw :) // thanks everyonee  <3
watermelon sugar high
Awesome colors in desings :)
So coolo :o
amazing! loved it! keep it up :D
Cool! :)
1 attempt what
no epic?
fun n colourful
It can't be... A featured level with actual enjoyable gameplay?? :O
bugs bro XD
t'aime bien la ball toi
not as annoying as u are
cool
November 4 is my birthday! 
Viva dia de muertos, Viva Mexico !
The wrong 3D hurt my eyes on the first part. Good level overall.
Viva mexico
November 3
epico nivel de haloween
v i v a   e l   m e x i c a n o o o o o o
im getting mexican vibes
playing on november 3rd
Tus niveles son muy bonitos!! Uwu
gg. #mexico
is when you failed no nut november
GG nivelaso
fun gameplay
hey a level about my bday
En el altar de muertos hubieras puesto a Michigun,Viva Mexico
Muy buena deco del dia de muertos, como siempre carnal, felicidades
So epic
Mariah carey is coming...tho this is epic!
Buena variacion de deco
why the hell are the coins so hard
Nice level, but the second coin is easy demon :(
The first coin is harder than getting 100% in Math
31 attempts (+ 2 coins).
COINS ARE LIKE AN INSANE DEMON WHAT IS THIS !?
Hard coins let's go
ratio
geipley huinya
those coins are evil lmfao
THAT PLAYER COLOURS PART IS INSANE
love this song! :)
bro thats extreme demon difficulty coins
GG new top 1 verified
the coins are on some next drugs
fluked from 97% 2 coins
really unbalanced gameplay
I got the first coin on my first attempt by accident and then fricking died
I hate this level
GG BOTH COINS FINALLLLY.
buen nivel pero no veia la necesidad de poner la ultima moneda en un lugar super dificil
POV: u likes because this is harder than 7*
should definitely be 8* or 9*
gg 76 attempts In What Solar System is this 7 Stars????????
super fun, definitely 9* though
so refreshing!! lovely little level
Demon?
The level's atmosphere is good, but this is definitely not 7 stars. Should be 8 or 9 stars.
good but inconsistent, therefore shouldve been 8 star.
this took longer than it should've. 141 attempts for a 7 star.
insane
insane 8*
baaaaaadddd gameplaaaayyyyyyy
why tf did you request 7 stars the hell
Demon
i hate this level lol
A demon that is not a demon
Amazing level. Really unique gameplay for a non demon.
Pretty unconventional gameplay, but that works in the level's favor IMO. Should def be 8* though
gg
mope
like this comment so i can ratio zepty
split72 may have gotten more cp from this, but hes still havent gotten laid yet 
Zepty L
you misspelled spkale
Really really nice. Your styles work well together
furry level lol
nice uwu
prette cuul
Your levels are better than levels of BraedenTheCroco
Zepty W
Heard abou this new restaurant called Karma? Guess what, theres no menu: You get what you diserve
i need to think of something funny so i can get internet points an bigger ego
Like if you died at 82% 
sigh
Zlept72
@Zeptrus not yet he hasn't...
GG
Noice :>
GG!!
GG!
Nemsy is the Best :)
if you want 9* then at least put some 3x gp, this is like, 7* at most lol
def not 8 stars
Coin 1: 47% (click red orb late) Coin 2: 72% (just jump) Coin 3: 81% (at the top of the screen)
It's seriously a 8 stars? It's for me at most 7 stars.
Not sure what rob was smoking when he thought this is 8 stars but who cares lol
GG, 1 attempt! Nemsy is prob my most fav creator :)
3 att GG
You never fail to impress, great job
1! Attemp , 1! Moneda , Amo los niveles del NemoGD <3
awesome gameplay, nemsy!
Not daily, please lol he gets so many
Cool! :)
def not 8 stars
How is it rated insane?
GG 5 intentos
Cool
the uhhhhh 9 star
after 14 attempts and 5 minutes of time i finally beat this level gg
gg! 3 atts:)
Really neat and pleasant work! But I advise you not to do such solid colors in the future.
Congratulations with your first rated level! :)
GG my first creator points!!!
Could be better with more color :)
Please don't make so much black screen moment over time. Decent work anyway.
i love shrek 2
designs aren't bad but definitely could be more varied throughout
sam shvek epta
Could be better with more color variation :)
pretty good ngl
COPY ALERT
konstantin shvekov
pretty neat
I'm blue
Very cool style
Grac bro) Gl for next cp!
GG!! ;3
Good decor, nice gameplay! Just a featured level, nothing special
dobav menya v konec
gg 1 attempt 1 coin, congrats for your firts cp! :)))))))
Its so dark and the transitions are pretty blind
coin 1: up at 7% coin 2: tap on blu jump pad at 35% Glad to help ;)
way too dark in hear
hot
i cant see
Nice colors and effects, Very Clean :)
trees!!!!!!!! this bad
Like for xSkiny dislike for Hackers :)
3500 stars OMG... nice level :)
absolutely unbearable, thank god i didnt die past 55
gg :)
very nice level!
good deco
really good
GG all coins! :)
4051eme stars
1 att gg
all coins!
GG
nice work :)
sweet stuff i think its a demon tho
me: this aint laggy. Me when 20%: *phone explode*
pretty cool and fun to play!
It's impressive how you're able to ruin the entire map by just one part (the ending)
this is better than your usual stuff imo
the only good thing about this level is the song
nice level. i wonder who made the spider?
bruh ur name lag spiked my game lol, cool level :)
all three coins are at the first part, be aware of the opacity of some portals and orbs.
this is awesome :)
9 stars gameplay honestly
53 att GG
really nice and fun!
please add ldm to the spider part
finally a new moffer level got featured
GG, all coins, 49.1k stars, I LOVE THIS LEVEL
very satisfying to play
nice level! very good colors :)
yeah chief not quite sure bout this being 8*
This level is great but it sucks that the fast paced ending has timings on the orbs for an 8 star..
I can no longer read the word avocado without thinking of an unpleasant fat man :(
Nikocado Avocado
uhhhhhhh.. EPIC!!!
Like for Nickado Avocado Dislike for avocado
do more old rates + rate slaughterhouse
Me gusta el Guacamole xd
rob if you're reading this move all ghs levels to theshadowrealm
Hi Alex
frish avocadoo
avokados from mexico
aguacate :v
jump before drop, specifically before the pink pad, for coin
pass: 258536
nicokado avocado?
1 intento :D
Aguacate :3
avocados from mexico
Viva el aguacate!!!
Like, people from GHS community will definitely get mad over that. Better if it goes unnoticed.
avokado from Mexico
amazing! :D
Thanks for the free coins!
Nice
very underrated. But mark my words, this level is possibly going to be a daily.
cool
thats amazing level!
anyone notice its "never" backwards? same name as the song
this level is colorful with nice atmosphere, nice work.
pU uoY eviG annoG reveN.
neat
El nivel esta muy hermoso, me encantan los colores que se usan y tambien los fondos, buen trabajo :)
GG 3 ATT 9 JUMP
HAHAHHAHAHA
if you ever feel noob, remember that i die 413times in this level.
i needed a level like this :) gg
GG =)  92200 stars 07/11/21 02:13  
Very nice and chill. I think the darker parts work the best with the song and its vibes :)
GG easy
GG and the coin also nice name of the lvl reven wich is never backwords - fogured pit in a sec lol -
Relax :)
1st coin 8% at the top, 2nd coin 25%, 3rd coin 91-92% at the top when it turns into a ship :)
robtop U should rate slaughterhouse and arcturus
sus but replace the word sus with sus
thanks for playing bros
Am I the only one who found the second coin by accident?
Pretty Nice Level, Though Maybe Try Lowering the Amount of Glow Next Time.
1st coin: 7% 2nd coin: 24% 3rd coid: 92%
It brought back memories of M3nhHu3
sus
i cant see a single thing
hella clean
hello? is this imposter from amongus, amongus imposter
Really cool :D
dont look at my %
Smiffy777 is in 5th place
neat
rob you should rate slaughterhouse but not arcturus :thumbsup:
Cute Level I like 
ban nornide rub
gg
Shit gameplay
Gameplay is actually pretty good once you can see where youre going
bad gameplay
coins: arriba 30% 73% abajo 96%
I know worse gameplays, is just a bit confusing, and transitions are hell.
love the song
GG 51.305 stars
thx for the hat, i was cool with the hat
WHERE AM I SUPPOSED TO GO IJSABIDN SIDJN FKJAHFNSJDHSAIJSHKJFANSFAHHK
9000 stars!!! 30.10.2021
13 att gg, beautiful level
GG!! Pretty good :)
what the butt
i see literally no problems with the gp or the sightreadability tbh
nice lvl
No lo termine de jugar, pero est 10 de 10 el nivel
nice hat ;)
pretty cool
cool hat!
CraZy IV
what is this song. sent
what is this song. sent
what is this song. sent                   WAIT IM NOT EVEN MOD WTH
An orange a day keeps the fornite players away.
everyone at lunch period screamed when they told me to beat jumper on my phone and i beat it 1 att
cinnamon de pollo
yo tomo la clase de espanol en la escuela
I'd say this is 7 stars, but still super fun gameplay as always hah
awesome :)
this is truly a cinnamon  bruh moment
sorry can't play this, im allergic to bruh 
this song sounds like the screaming kids in my basement
What if Bunch is secretly Geoxor and thats why hes using so many of their songs?
Jesus is real
dislike this
i eat children
LETSGO
cinnamon toast bunch
i covered my nuts in honey and fed them to the ants and now my balls are on fire
espero que te den rate
so hard to read. Design is cool tho. Work on GP next time tho
very bad optimization
trash gameplay
way too many light beams, you barely can see the gameplay anymore. other than that, pretty cool
this level should be have a LDM
im sorry for the "trash" gameplay but i'll try and do better -
WTF IS GOING ON
very cool
i love how you put like 5 layers of deco just to make sure i can't see anything
sry but gameplay is bad
its been a while since ive skipped a 5 star
very negative people :D
gg, 47.6k stars, gp was a bit confusing and I dont like how style totally changed for the last part, besides that it was very cool
"what is this" "my eyes" "hard to read gameplay hlep" "DUDE WTF" -the voices in your head
Though the gameplay is strange for me, eventually it's oddly fun to me. Thanks so much for that! <3
GG.
this lvl is brighter than my future...
I wish this had an LDM, but overall not bad. The gameplay isn't as bad as others say for me..
overdecorated
my teachers taught me to read words but they never taught me how to read this-
guys read thelevel name backwards
I hacked this comment so u can like it twice
Really liking that logo animation
like if you have died at 4%
F almost fluked the coin :(
I swear RobTop simps for Split72
Why? Why make tiny spikes that you would think is a deco?! 
of course
YOOOO THANK YOu
great level, love the interactivity of the last part
boob
pee
was watching a movie, that was so fast lmao
Eepcellent :)
did the split logo just evolve????
One day... I will be a pro R@per just like guitar
hehe cute name
Guitar lives in Spain, but without an "S"
good level but gameplay is not balanced
masturbation is just single player sex
ok but why and how does this guy have 150 secret coins
coin is impossible to get in LDM, great level design dude
GG 1 coin, skip gravity portals at first ship, coin at the end
no ratio + real pain + W + followed + rated + awesome
51.400 stars
dont touch every gravity portal on first ship part to get coin at the end
20 likes que proo :)
The level: Focus! Me: Hey! That wall looks cool, let me touch it!
:)
61
me
waton
cool styles
15/70 atts
Okay so if you want to get the coin, you cant play with le ldm...
Ayyyy Another Rowan rate
lul
real great ldm :p
lag
cool
what triggers the different paths? is it that complicated thing colon did?
mango's part is harder than pusnine's part
INSANE
fantastic visuals, the gameplay has some awkward moments but overall very solid level
i hate mango part
GUNGDIPANGPANG!
what does Gundipangpang mean?
mango is so much harder than pusnine
Fresh like morning salad!
gameplay was kinda annoying >~>
banger
Also, shoutout to Pusnine for being the first victor previously - I had to reupload because of a bug
LDM updated. Hope you guys can also have fun on low-end devices!
201 attempts (+ 3 coins). #1554
still have no idea how to get the first coin, even though i got it, amazing job though!
GungDi Pang Pang means "Butt Slap Slap"
GG! :)
Nice
secret way to 74
Mango's part is waaaaaay harder than Pusnine's...
chaoz fantasy fans when they run into the chaoz reality fans
is this level name is a italian airline company??
Song never gets old imo.
RIP ALITALIA 1946-2021
Adesso: ITA Airways
yo i could be top comment top comment only has three likes
Endscreen by Davoboss (sorry i forgot lol)
Que nostalgia de cancion por Dios
il logo e' da cambiare ahahahah
Ayyyyyy lesgo
gg 34,500 Estrellas :)
la banca rotta dell'alitalia
Dont get why there are so many pads in portals
politely stop putting pads in portals
Alitalia
bancarotta
not bad sent for star rate :)
Nostalgic Song :,)
perche' sponsorizzi Alitalia?
alitalia mi ha fatto unasega
I wonder who it is...
really qute, perfectly reflects the song and really fluid
I love spider gameplay and the music sync and deco really make it stand out!
this is hot!
lalalala lalalala ellvo's world
can we get more rates? :'[
the sync is so good i got to 25% without looking
ellvo is epic :D
98k stars! GG
GG! 121k stars =)
rly atmospheric i love it
why is this not epic wtf rob :(
siema vadi
=)
amazing level. gameplay is on point.
:D
Congrats on the rate Vadi :)
waiting for all the #rateslaughterhouse comments
NICE PlAy and Nice Deco !!!! I love it !!! ~~~
pog
my birthday is today :D
1st coin:5% ,2nd coin:25% ,3rd coin:61%
Like if you play Geometry Dash
GUYS, IM PC PLAYER NOWWWW GGGGG :DDDD
I am about to 1 attempt clubstep wish me luck
Like si juegas en movil
i wil moeraor
pain
wow rob released daily pretty early today
my dad said gd music is demonic WHATS WRONG WITH HIM
uh i work at the home depot as a part time job if that's what you mean
i hate this minimalistic style, he very easy to build and overrated by people
up down up down altogether now, mr potato is coming to town
bruh nobodys need likes to survive
94
leaking bizaares IP: 64.920.183.2 Go hack now ;-)
youtube kids is way darker than youtube itself
like if u like cookies ^_^
Dont dislike me :c
OMG Daily Thx Rob <3
if this comment gets to the top, i will smash my dad's tesla
pass 7890 please like!!!
#1617 - 15 Attempts, GG! :)
really good megacollab sent :)
i am ham
Finally beat, took 2,188 attempts. I know, I suck. I love this level though
Never had a bad time collabing with you :)
rip to the guy who said gg my first hard demon
GG :D
GG my first hard demon! :DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
GG! :)
pls ULDM
GG! 8 attempts :)
1% :)
"this is a little bit to scary for gd" - karen from facebook
gg
was medium ._.
374 attempts gg, amazing level very fun gameplay
THIS IS CRAZY                                             found in recent tab
bruh fluke from 36% to 70%
love the art, great theming! some of the transistions are hard to see Id tone down the movements
broooooo this is a 6*
the gameplay is a bit confusing at times but this is a pretty nice level overall
pass is 124578 like so people can see this!
Nice one, sent :)
really easy demon completed in 20 attempts ! GG
thank you!
GG! 7 attempts :)
25 attempts (+ 2 coins). #1515
I really like your style
Metal
good level, but transactions are confusing and a bit awkward
cool
ultra easy demon
kool-aid
sam takoi
Harder 6*
free
i just want ULDM :(
Masterpiece!
Amazing level, definatly your best! 2/10
why only a 2/10 lmao
this is such a masterpiece, love the color usage and the designs, well done!!!
most likely demon cause of the last part. very nice level though, love it
Ah yes, drunk Rob when rating a level's stars vol 268402524719
cool but definitely demon
fantastic!
143K stars, GG.
It was a joke lol it like 20/10 lol
10k stats, i need rest.
I wish I could understand this GP
demon
ship part is hard to read and also has bad gameplay
demon?
53 att gg weird level
god this is so cool
so epic and cool and cool
gg
62att gg fun and hard timings.
grandad realms
RobTop let me at least get daily, don't let Split72, Nemsy, bunch, etc. dropkick me. save me
I appreciate the simplicity but the deisgn is really repetitive. The outro is also too long. 
schmeckt
jeder der deutsch ist like :)
like if you died at 0%
like wenn du auch auf der Baustelle arbeitest
voll gut lan
Nice! Shoutouts an alle deutschen die das sehen lul.
Mir gefallen die details, gute arbeit :D
Like if you hate this first Click
"oh hey, someone using and giving the mirror portal a chance!" "ew."
Geiles Level, aber das Gameplay ist echt Belastend.
the first jump is anoying
Update: fixed the annoying spike at the first part (added a jump pad)
IT GOT RATED
stark digga
YOOOO LETS GO
in germany we say:Gutes level
Hey Chef haben wir hier einen Auftrag? :p
baustelle be like   ich bau das  und das   und egal
Pretty cool :)
this is really nice for a first modern attempt
Cool stuff :)
150,000 stars, GG :)
Esta "Aventura" esta un poco dificil
decorations are top,but i hate small spikes
Sick asf plus clean endscreen
i hate the timing in this level REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
This is FIRE! Good job!
4 stars?
aventura is adventure in spanish
nice level!
love this song so muchhhh
Esta bien perron brou
esto era insane antes XD
Every part looks really cool! :)
you cant because im getting rid of this name in 2 days :trol:
gg nice lvl :)
harder...
ta muy bueno
DAILY 
never trust spanish guys who are in to square-shaped green cats
like if you arent a simp
Spam at 13 to 15% for Coin and you are welcome
stop liking my comments
next thing you know srguillester will be exposed for grooming
I wanna see how the guitar's subs count drops
if this gets 10 likes, i will order RobTop a pizza
Geometry dash is a cristhian Game. Why You are Defeating demons :)
if awesomestyles comes to the chat rn he's gonna bust a fat one by seeing chaikwaza
Yo daily chat! :)
We have Daily Chat.     We have Weekly Chat.     2.2 better have yearly Chat.
Kid fux a dog, instantly regrets it | Dhar Mann
Please stop spreading hate to AdvyStyles.
wth happening to GD community
like if you feel my pain
next thing you know viprin gonna get exposed for grooming
i feel like advy will keep going like miniladd
LETS MAKE GUITAR GO BACK TO 1 SUBSCRIBER!
19 and 17 isnt that extreme tho, however advy is like 25 and grooming a 14 yo,  nasty
gg 5 attempts 3 coins, coin 1: jump into block at 3-4%, coin 2: spider 54%, coin 3: wave up at 87%
OMG! THX ROB! AND THX PPL! IM REALLY HAPPY! :D
rob do more star-rates only !! i'd love to see them <3
Now Im Having A Bad Day
pass: 001526
@yellngk thx guy :')
que buen dia 
@LegorasKun la primera coin esta al principio solo te dare esa pista 
31.9k | GG!
@xepheron xd
para algunos que no se pueden pasar el nivel por el lag si ya se que da lag por eso puse low detail
No. YOU have a nice day
ok thx and have a good day to you too
:)
F*CK!!!!
@sailentclubstar oh how you know? you agree xd
Yes..... Is a nice day
gg nice level
GG! 
GG!
if i had mcdonalds badge i would send this
I LOVE INVISIBLE PADS I LOVE HORRIBLE TRANSITIONS :)
In case of lag, play with ldm
I just love horrible transitions.
nice level baba
Btw this is a sequel to my second rating: Abstract passage
gg 34,2k Estrellas + 2,700 Llaves! :)
yo this is super cool!
a generic level
This transition..
eita bixo cilindro
GGs on 6cps!! :D
<3
i love this level
sent to robtop
I love it!
jeferson
how is this generic? its p cool! (or maybe i havent played enough levels, idk)
MODS!!!! GET OVER HERE
nice deco
Like if you are before or after featured
cool
bad coins
Free Harder
Coin 1:jump at 14%, coin 2:key at 26% and 31%, coin 3:key at 57%. Your welcome :)
Dude got daily, and cranked out a new level too lol
like if your from america (hawaii counts)
like if you hate reverse wave
Cool 
EPIC
second coin is pain
Good level :)
why put that random decorated sawblade in a random place
nice job with the modern deco
if you collect all the coin, you so pro.
Really cool
100th person to lik level GGGGGG
GG! All coins :)  and 48,000 Diamonds!! 
i have a friend named pace. how convenient
G :)
Fun fact: this was built entirly on mobile and it only crashed my phone twice!!
The fact rob hasnt rated this yet makes me want to punch him
Good to finally see this out (Im the one who made the endscreen)
updated pulses and shakes at the drop :)
This turned out so awesome! Keep up the great work! (Also epic endscreen) 
the art and atmosphere are REALLY sick, i like this a ton !!
this NEEDS EPIC
robtert
this is very cool, but please try avoiding long black screen transitions.
Easily your best work dude, wish it was a bit more intense but otherwise really solid :) GL
we're all creo simp
yes 2.1 was all ruined because people are now able to make good levels now
GG
fantastic
U guys like the endscreen huh, check out VRTL hes cracked :D
I have a face
bro this was rated at like 1 AM my time haha, sad i missed it live :(
what a banger honestly
THIS IS SO COOL congrats on the epic
Wow nice job!
if you want free infinite big macs then make this top comment
my favorite levels folder is just gonna be renn levels at this point
ACTUAL DOUBLE RATE LMAOO
Bueno
why is rating 4* ? this supposed to be 2* yet like it if you agree :)
:)
2 attemps :D
Wow this is the first hard level i sight (ik its not a big accomplishment)                          
Neat design! you dont see this too often
I love this level :D
GG great level
gg
..
eeeh 1 attempt lolxD
gg love it!!
nice level just the wave is a bit of a diff spike. gg
1 att with coin ^_^
very simple and very easy, amaizing
gg 1 att 1 coin
great level first try
GG on feature but I think it deserved epic ngl
Really cool backgrounds! Just wish the blocks and foreground elements worked with them better :)
Like if ur on mobile :)
This deserve more than a feat rob.
This is great.
Coin 2: Touch the 3 structures with white lines on the first ship
GG ON EPIC!!
Epic
my level?  XD
:O
Because hexagons... are the bestagons. -CGP Gray
ULDM was added, hope rob see it now.
Low detail mode optimized for most devices!, hope you guys Enjoy <3
New updated. better ldm added
NEW UPDATE!. BEST PERFORMANCE AND ARROWS!
ai great to see another level from you pipen
no reason this shouldn't be epic, wyd rob
Come on, RobTop, you know this is some epic stuff
GG Awesome
holy shiiiiii
like for obama. dislike for nicki manaj
song breaks out a solid 5 voice cracks a second
only pro gamers can like this comment
this song hurts my ears
Evil daily chat be like : Im intelligent
Put some D blocks on the begginig of the first wave at 42%
really really good stuff
geoxor sounds like me recording having diarrhea in the toilet flushing it then uploading it
Seriously this song is just Nandayo but with demonic screeching instead of loli mating calls
updated the level. hopefully newer players wont have the issue with the wave
heyy! good level :)
this is really amazing, for sure your best level
Good Level, Miku is Life <3
the level be like on mobile: here have some LAG
like for anime dislike for bts:)
like if you are not gay :v
geoxor: ooh your body temperature is insanely above average
1 hour of shrekxofone
cool level
Just gave a 12 year old kid a bottle of detergent and told him it was a slurp juice! #victoryroyale
pass is 120802
lmao that bossfight
Coins: Click Orb at 20%-> Coin at 22%| 2.Pick the Key at 39%, Coin at 45%. Last one, at 83% :)
GG's. 1 Coin. Thank you for making the bossfight actually playable and easy to react to! <3
a
so uh, why is the sleeping moon attacking me
rate plz
Got the last coin by accident lol
the song gives me roblox epic minigames memories
its 2am pls  or i call the police                                              the town is like that
GG i really loved the song you selected :D
Thanks :)
Nice
wow
awesome level dude
good boosfight
GG 3 coins
gg
simplemente epico
GG
Super good atmosphere, I love the designs. Has some bugs tho (like the big jumps in the last cube)
I love bugs :>>>>>
GG
Wow what a ride! Keep up the good work dude :)
yh sick level BUT WTAF IS KILLING ME
fade 2
top comment is a bot lmao
the gameplay is very buggy, but overall good
epic lvl!!!!
h
the atmosphere is pretty sick
ayyyyyyyyyyy
report any bugs if you find any please :) 
gg
ignore that
Epiic!
GG!! ;3
I need epic!!
why this isnt fetured?
2268eme stars
Very nice level, thanks for being awesome
gonna miss your levels <3
thank you dude <3
thanks again :)
I think this had some interesting ideas but it overall feels... unfinished? to me. Not sure.
GG With Coin. For Coin: Don't tap the green orb at 27%.
great level, have a good break :)
that spider section is the only reason this level isnt a 4-5 star
Its been a pleasure to see you grow as a creator with time :)
Very nice! Loving the experimentation you did with that first part. c:
Nice
4101eme stars
Thank you for the dedication! <3. Nice level :)
my icon actually look a bit like my ball
see ya soon bro :(
see you in 2.2!
1 attempt gg
it's always a pleasure to me :) see you in 2.2
cya dub! gl on your future, and its crazy that i knew you before your first cp :)
So cool! I hope your return bro! :) 
as the person who made the gameplay, i am EXTREMELY pleased to see how much everyone hates it
good attempt at theming although the decoration is a bit messy in some parts
booty farts make the water feel warmer
worst gameplay ive seen in a level.. good lord
this level is terrible
Appreciate you fixing the bug so quickly dude
Bug at 1% for 60hz mobile
le fishe au chocolat
fixed the bug thx for telling me bizaare
GG! :)
gameplay needs fixin  sheesh
really cool deco but wtf is the gameplay dawg
bad gameplay
GG, there are so many ways to pass the hard parts, jeez, it took me around 4K, i loved it !!
no level should or shouldnt be made :/ that is the stupidest take i heard all day
just let people buile what they want
tough
i just wanted to reach the drop, lmao, imma beat this soon !
what
@pedro since this got cp you have to follow me because lok at tthe comments from 4 days ago
look i made a comment
2021 downloads!
bunka dunka
this level is harder than the weekly there is no joke i swear
What's funny is, if you look closely with hitboxes on, you can actually see he forgot to fix inversed slopes at the beggining of the wave LMFAO
GG!
GG! :)
why the inside hitboxes at the wave tho
gg
agradable gameplay
Here is an translation of look im blind: Hola soy Dora
GamePlay de mierda
wake up babe new cheeseguy level
the transitions ruin this level for me.
ggs i personally really like the style
cool!
Horrible.
so many hitbox glitches, still fun tho
gg, honestly pretty enjoyable but the second half is much easier than the first. 9* imo
1st coin: 10% (up)
the block designs are so trippy i love it
this is so fun, sent!
super cool
Black Black Jack
i love this
The recent tab has blessed me. one of the best levels i've seen in a while. Thank you for making it.
Black Black
GG!
Very fun level, sent :)
nooo:(
Black Black
I was literally the first player to play this level ;o
Fun level
white suppremacy
Holy crap this is so good
white white cat white
Cool level, try to diversify your parts next time. Send to mods.
the song is so good
SI
Dedicated to Noelle
really unbalanced, not a fan of the gameplay
MediumTheCroco
Like this comment if you hate covid-19
awful gameplay
not feature worthy
i really like this one, but i don't like the transition to hard memory gameplay after easy gameplay.
cmon kris, it doesnt look that much like them... i hope
the gp is awful
 i spent 6000 orbs for my favourite robot that i always wanted;(
there shouldve been more thought into the saws cause they look Quite Similar to swastikas
por que tiene featured XD
already 9 attempts in, why do you gotta make everything so confusing smfh
good effects but im not a fan of the gameplay. Its kinda unbalanced
a word of advice: dont put a maze at the end of your 6*
thats really unbalanced
Im usually a fan of learny gameplay, but this is too janky and sudden
why is this featured
GG With Coin. For Coin: Don't tap the yellow orb at 91%.
too much copy pastas
55,000 stars! :)
The gameplay is pretty awkward and the deco at some parts is repetitive but what's there looks good
good work sent for rating :)
too much straight flying and tight ufo parts
i wish there was more movement
coin 1: 8% coin 2: collect all 3 keys at first ufo. coin 3: go up at 22 and dodge spikes. dont thank
wow! top!
Not insane, at least demon
feels like a decorated challenge. Frustrating gameplay
MaFFaka rate this lvl
wooow 0_0
med demon?
A really incredible level of you
22.000 stars:)
epic level o.o
43att all coins gg :)
8 stars?
gg 100 coin
me gustaria ser mod para poder mandar estos fantasticos niveles
That was quite rough for an 8 star lol.
GG ALL COINS FINALLLY.
Very fun level, GG! :)
d
Hello Mercury6779
To all the people trying to beat this: Good luck! You got this!
dope
yes
84 85 86 were so stupid of me
the last triple spike just makes you wanna die
Keep pushing. 
GG! Inconsistent in places but fun.
awesome level, cool deco, amazing gameplay. honestly might be one of my favorite levels
48 likes and featured ??
i rly like ur levels man
Just wanted to say I'm very happy about the positive reception about this level :D it made my day
Hano
super fun, probably one of my new favorite insane demons gameplay wise. GG
q pro
1251 attemps. GG
Halfway
I basically beat it right?
remember when autos were just the main levels with bounce pads?
This is the greatest auto level of All Time
Sorry for the visual bugs on wide screens, I tested it on my phone but it just locks GD to 16:9
"What animating tool do you use?"
I wish I knew how to do shit in GD
Damn
PROTOGEN!!!!!!!!!11!!!111!!!
its beast auto i ever see
gg 59,000 stars
proof furries can make good levels too. Very nice! I like the protogen icon!
17777 stars, interesting
why people say gg in a auto level
muy bueno
ta weno
i found this while searching for 2 star levels in the recent tab
nise epik
protogen
good art :D 900 stars now for me
I love how there is a random Protogen art near the end lmao. Amazing level tho
protogen :0
you should be in mass shame that your part weighs a quarter of the max object limit
Sneeze sound
ILL FIX BUGS SOON SORRY
lmao ldm removes an entire part
why airil part on ldm ver is blank lmao
i fixed the secret way and ldm bug, ill try to make a stronger ldm when i have time.
this is literally me wtf
sorry my part is  20k objects ._.
easily robbed of epic
HOW TO MAKE SMOOTH WAVES
banger
team zero (underscore)
Bruh Moment
thanks to pyraven for merging!
i love this style.
I added a stronger LDM, dont be afriad to message me if anything else needs fo be fixed
Whrn you almost die to a transition, but god said "1 attempt"
pretty cool!
27 atts - 5 atts because something accidentally touched my screen = 22 atts
gg
my grandma is dead
AWESOME
how do you think of these names
Copy paste is real xd
What to do with my demon keys,can I create demon keyboard?
gg. this level gave me my 500th demon key
99% copy+paste, 1% effects
mirror portal is underrated
Imagine building a medium lenght level with full of copy paste and getting it rated
SO MUCH COPY + PASTE LMAO
portales espejos ._.
croccy :>
You can just go under the ground after the first ship part and complete the level as a ship
secret way (kinda). dont click at 15% and you will go under the ground.
too much copy + paste and it's boring
yeah
secret way
Cool looking level but... I kinda hate that copy+paste cube part :c Anyways GG
Copy + Paste is your best friend
IGOR vibes !?
0/10 not enough swag routes
Finally a good factory level
machinal
Yoo I got compressed into a little critter :0
they grow up so fast
This level goes so hard. Feel free to screenshot.
EPIC
I've been waiting for this level for a very long time. Glad to see full decorated version of it. :)
EVERY OUNCE OF THIS LEVEL DESERVES THIS EPIC RATING.
Nice
my fish died 1 like = 1 prayer
jejwkqdnbd
This song slaps
Coin: Push the block on the top of the pile into the gap(5%). Jump at 11-12% to get the Coin.
coin : Jump after landing the first yellow orb, pushing the block. Then skip the first dash orb!
why isn't this daily
To get the coin, push the top crate at 3% into the groove, and then the wall with the coin will drop
F
:D
Sheeeesh
csn i top comment plsease
oh my gooood this is so creative
some arrows for where to jump would be nice ig
GG! 1,487 attempts, very interesting and extremely creative, but I struggled to learn it for sure ;)
GG! :)
This movement is very creative but it also makes it very difficult
okay
give @shoebills top comment
mind control as an insane demon
Creative. Better than anything I can make right now.
i need a yt video to see the path XD
-_-
intresting ngl
3110atts gg!
GG 2944 atts
i will try to bea this
gg 1041 atts (1028 pt. 13 nm.) lets go i beat the funny bird level, fourst victor i think idk
Soon.
aha
oooooooo
nice :3
1st Coin: Skip Dash Orb At 5% And Jump At 13%, 2nd Coin: Hold Before First Ship, 3: Jump At 83%, 92%
Good but i wish the song wasn't so boring and uninteresting, kinda takes away from the level
Can we actually get this the daily of tomorrow?
you have no idea how good it feels to inspire people. thanks so much :D
Like If You Were Here Before Feature:
Very simple, but nice :)
El nivel esta bueno
wow this is beautiful... dim but lights up my day :)
GG! 8,800 User Coins :)
Nice
1 att GG
I think Robtop will give stars at this level :D
its gonna be featured
nice
nice wave effect. quite empty but keep it up :)
GG!
Nice level with a nice message, we need more people like you who spread positivity in this world
text isnt really necessary if you provide the right vibe imo, great work reguardless :)
graisa
49 attempts, 45 were in practice.  The gameplay is unfun
sorry, but this this gameplay is treacherous
gameplay is horse crap
Why is this called "Sight" when I cant sight read anything?
level deco is really good, but gameplay is not that good
cool level but hard,7-8stars?
i don't remembert echonox's gameplay being this shit
gameplay have been taken from my dogs poop
nice transition :)
5 likes on my comment :)
like this comment if you died
yooo the bg is the best ive seen
La gente en GD exige mucho...
Awesome desing...  But horrible gameplay ngl :/
great
gp isn't always clear and some awful transitions but I really like the backgrounds of this level :)
like if you have the ability to see
dont play my levels
this part confused me, but really cool level. Gotta love Echonox:)
you absolutely nailed the typical 2.0 cancer gameplay
please put this insane demon! people will be demotivated on beat this hard  :(
to clarify: this is insane demon! 
This is an easy insane demon, not hard demon.
:)
dio de dio
pass is 130203 wheres my likes...
Ok I'm gonna kill who sent this hard lmao
GG. Definatly insane demon though.
GG! 102 attempts :)
IdariusI first victor!
GG! :)
neat stuff
some rough timings but this is awesome!
finally lol i beat my own level in 1k attempts
BROO I JUST GOT 72%  AND ITS A HARD DEMON NOW??
Thanks Edoox for this insane demon. I absolutely love it!
like if the first part is harder than crazy 3s first part
this better get epic
This is cool. Nice!
after beating this i went on and beat every single other edooox demon lol love the lvls
horrible level because john made it
Definitely your best work! 2/10
justjohn got top comment on my demon can i get top on his?????
respect for the people that make and verify their extreme demons by themselves
If this gets rated today, ill come back and make JusT JohN 2021
Another solo extreme verified by its creator, poggers!
Easy
Wow! Amazing level deco and gameplay! I hate it so much!!!
This level is awesome it reminds me of Foot Ball (Guys Sport)
this isnt joshua vortex :(
Watching the comment section of a new-rated extreme demon is quite fun.
John be Janglin
auch
ponos iz blokow
YOOOOOOO I BEAT IT
retweet if you love car keys
I really wish you good luck with whatever you do in the future. Stay safe.
this is  the comment help.Your'e welcome
GG on magic tab
easy demon 
coin: touch the circular deco at the top of 40. avoid the other 2 in the wave. coin at end
i hate reversed wave
hermoso como siempre man, te debo un pan con queso :p
wtf was that
the wave part is pretty cool :)
The wave part not is cool!
can you stop adding microscopical spikes all over this cube
wow im horrible at anti gravity wave
Nice
unbalance and spikes look like deco. the wave part is clearly not hard more insane
the glow is sexy, but the wave part is little bad
gg, 114k stars!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! uwu
are you kidding me you can barely see that shitty spike
cool, New level favorite
hermoso
esplendido out <3
Nice!"
gampley supe comodo
upside down wave bad
i hate the upside down wave
>[Click here before reated]<
am i the only one who likes this song
This is probably the most cursed level I ever made in my life...and I don't regret it one bit .u.,
If you like this song, your unique.
5 likes and i will fart
Me: wanna hear a joke? Friend: ye  My inner voice: shit he knew the punchline
nooooooo
Ye its a comment
100 CP !!! les gooooo !! Thank you everyone for helping me get this far <33
como lo mueve esa  muchachota
1st mobile victor?
ZOROA GOD
as a dual lover, i can say that this level is very fun
GG! 81 attempts :)
Like if you feel me :(
Nice work Zoroa!
if it's not a demon? you know robtop, he's still ready to troll everyone... youve been trolled...
Robtop get out of your Xbox 2 and rate this lvl
2nd person to reach 100 creator points today! GG ;)
10 likes and i will breath air
you should probably make the "high volume recommended" text bigger especially since it is rotating and moving
pretty cool 
i like this :))
pretty fun, good job
1st victor!! great level, love the style and fun gp! hope it gets epic
Banger
gg, 6 attempts. fluked from 20 but then i died at 93, def not hard demon ;)
rate robtop plz
185,000 Stars, GG! :)
now that this is rated its my 900th demon lol
next weekly for sure
Extremely good gameplay, super clean and fun! Holyyy that was good!! <3 One more for 2000 demons! :o
Last 20 percent is cancer
the ending is the worst shit ever please what  the ehell what is wrong iweth you what are you doign?
shit gamplay
First demon! GG This level was awesome :)
gg 18 attempts
like if you think its medium demon
GG! 1 attempt and 166,666 stars! :)
that orb at 75% is cancer :(
Chill level, I like it
Nicee c0ck
never mind the Update worked i think
gg secret way 31-76%!
ok?? but you die afterwards
nice
Nicee! ;)
theres no bug at 69% that just sounds like a skill issue
bug
POV: The levels called nice, your percent:
that transition to cube was godly
Why. Why did I die at 1%
no seve que aya algo en el nivel y aun asi da lag
gg, 1 att
if you switch gravity in the ball before the ship portal you can do the ship part in ball mode
cool
Niceee! :)
Nicee
GG!:D
GG! 3k Stars Finally :)
Why does the name sound like a randomly generated Kahoot name
clean and fun, 3 attempts to beat it, sent :)
This deserves an epic rating woooow
Im so glad this is out, i hope you guys enjoy it!!
POLE
Nice designs. :)
Hi
GG! 12 attempts, died at 90% on my first attempt.. what happened to the kitten?
touhou music is hella lit
GG epic level :0
Absolutely awesome level! Really good job AceVict and Peter <3
Pass is 137900
pretty cool sent :)
GG! :)
This level is messier than my bedroom
Why are there arrow indicators where you don't jump... That ruins the gameplay for me
Awesome
Incredible work holy
When the easy demon is harder than a recent hard demon
really good :)
pops
Like if you saw the troll face at the beginning
regular show was my favorite show when I was younger. Wow I feel so old
Cool =)
regular show
morgen top
Pops from Regular Show be like: Jolly Good Show! :) Then who is Jolly, huh?
buggy as hell
Cool design, but the gameplay is buggy and that is the heart of the level.
pops
jolly has ligma (troll)
jolly deez nuts
I have no idea who he is!
(British Acsent) Good Show! ;)
jolly good level! *sips a cup of tea with pinky finger up graciously*
oof 101 att, so many bugs
oooooooooo                                                        no one will get this reference
Very jolly level
666 like
morgen top)))
claim your "I was here before jonathangd beat this in 11 attempts" ticket here --------->
I really like the effects!
Muy bueno y se ve fun :D
tf does identificamical mean
Effects are polished very well here, good job! :)
GG! :)
mfw smiffy777 below me
GG! 52 attempts :)
Wooooo!! Thanks for using my song <3!! I gona love this level forever :D
Gameplay can be iffy (esp. the first section), but this is really cool to watch. Very creative.
love the ideas here, pretty solid level overall
it's definitely a level
It actually got rated. Didn't expect that O_o
Nice innovations on your parts, I think you can improve the gameplay. Send to mods.
is the title even a word...
only me, its only me who would actually die here
What a banger :)
Piece of PagMan
Go alias GO!!! Beat this level
GG Fluked from 64%! w/c, 119 Attempts! Demon 1,102!
not a fan of the gameplay
good morning Zipi
ty spag
the boss warning messages are only causing me to die more than actually warning me about stuff
coins: 20% 52% mini coins 79% 85% 90% pez 
Shirobon music in GD! <3
Just woke up and I see this 0_0
Rate this level pleas
good morning
S T O P  P O S T I N G  A B O U T  A M O N G U S !
down down up up left right B A
Saw this on reddit, very cool
Red has been real sus lately.
me also a good creator
cuca
definitely not 6* imo
hey mom look I'm floating in the level!
welp just died to sprm cell
congrats on your first cp!!
DAME LA PUTA MONEDA NOJODA
honestly can see this getting epic
It probably won't get daily IMO lol. If it does i will explode and start screaming 
I hope it gets daily. I wanna see you explode and scream
and thanks for dedication! :D
COINS: 1- Hold at 22%. 2- Hit the block at 52%. 3- Free
I will do reaction vid if it does get daily
ik cuz i made him hehe
gonna update gp a lil bit later on. 
see u got iris to comment, ITS A GOOD LEVEL
1st coin is well hidden. 2nd coin is easy to see lol
3 features in a row den
Like for GD         Dislike for the best horrible game:                                 Fortnite
NO WAY! thanks for dedication! :D 
kape you based lad
you wouldn'z believe me if i told you i had like 4fps in the drop but its true 
THANK YOU ROB!! THANK YOU SO MUCH
gg all coins
nice! :D
GG ON FEATURED ! btw im 5th on the leaderboard :D
if this does not get rated ill buy vase and crash it in someones head
hydren and hydern right next to each other
first coin at 43 at bottom, second coin tap on the first, third, fourth, and sixth triggers
last coin,get heart trigger at 13%,and the most last jump will be robot and hold to get the coin
Chill level. Space part doesn't fit with the rest of the level tho.
now there's two of them
GG All Coins. Thanks to Cashyy for the 2nd coin :).
A rate from Hydren, and a rate from Hydern. How delightful
GG first cp, thank you every one <33
WHY ???
I can't see the gravity portals :|
like if you died on the last jump.
:)
Hyderns style is very good :)
i thought its a frame perfect 
i love this level, this needs more likes
fun
GG epic lvl <3333
bro i thought you and hydren were the same person for a moment 
lol wtf 
Cool! Love the block design :3
great level!
GG! :)
Thank you to DIMBY, IceKeyHammer, Owengunner, SirHadoken, Para, and last but not least, Copypasta.
anyone else notice that the R in realm is capitalized but the m in magic isnt
Pass is 180058 :)
I just got EPIC? Thank you rob, I hope the most amount of people can enjoy my level with this! <3
My next mission: get leaderboards before you
gg on epic yesssss
for the last time HARD DEMON IS THE DEFAULT DEMON RATING
the level ends at 91%
This is still frustating that she passed away :(
why is it raining cum
Ye, only 27k obj. I play mobile, I know a lot of you play mobile. Tried my best to keep the lag down
I made this like 5 months before the other one but thx lol
easy hard demon?
Why tf is this a hard demon still XDdXDxxdXDXxDxdXDX
GG! 36 attempts, fun XL medium demon :)
nooooo its medium demon now -1 hard demon for me :((((((
Check my YT... Something big is in the works...
sounds like a skill issue ;)
incredible gameplay and deco, epic rating imo. Decoration: 0/10. Gameplay: 0/10.
sustere
:'v
have my children
siv
this is soooooo fun and it looks awesome!!!
this level has more bugs than a freezer in australia
very fun gameplay with solid deco, nice work :D
very fun gameplay with solid deco, nice work! :)
Sweet stuff ^^
very gameplay with deco, work :
Ole ole!
I... 1 attempted in practice 
LETS GO 
GG! 13,000 stars!!!
if tartarus had the ending of this level it would be top 1 again
banger
fixed
awesome
Awesome !!  8)
i strongly suggest you practice modern on your own before attempting it in another level
gameplay needs a fix imo
gameplay is pretty bad
Gameplay looks fun in the video, but when you play... It has still a good deco though :)
i dont think its epic worthy but good design work on gp a bit
shit gameplay
this is easy demon
try to focus on gameplay next time 
like if you have a nose :^)
Neon Comet II be like:
easy demon?
Amazing, love when modern levels use more art and style than effects
E
cute song
Amazing job SmitN :D
.______________.
new idea for 2.2: now demon level with cute and beautiful design and songs are called angel levels
Fast
I absolutely adored the fast-pace of this level. It looks hard on paper, but its not. GG 43 att
This sounds like anime 
the hills have balls
if this doesnt get epic i am going to have some Strong Words with rob
Hills should have eyes so they can see this banger
if the hills have eyes does that mean they have seen deez nuts
in russia, the eyes have hills
No they don't
man i wish i had eyes
Of course because if they didnt the would be HLLS
i only love it when you touch me, not feel me
absolutely love the atmosphere in this, great job :)
the mountains have ears when
ebic
huge day for sunset style enjoyers
love it
Another ovdfo banger! :fire:
the hills have prostate cancer
glad to know this level brought you fun. good job
thank god for eyes because i love looking at this level
i think theres somethin wrong with yo hills bro they aint supposed to have eyes
no they dont
NukeIIX make something other than a 2* (impossible)
people who accidentally got the coin ->
i disliked
nuke i thought you were trying to get a star rate only, why did you make this level even better
Coin jump 92%
bluealex11 more like joe biden
orsum
i hate vacuum cleaners they suck
I bet this is going to get daily  xD
what the actual hell another easy daily
Like this comment if you are the best gd player in your school
Yo mama so fat I printed a picture of her 10 years ago and its still printing!!! Like for more jokes
this is FANTASTIC
You are becoming one of my favorite creators.
*POV: You're tryna get likes on your comment*
If a girl sits on table and gets period, is it called periodic table?
petition to make lioncaat change his name to lionfaat
level is beautiful 
who wants 10 stars!?!
GG accidently got coin
Like: Dios  Ignora: Diablo
Amo este nivel :O
Gracias xd
Sick
Wow! I like it :)
Not bad at all, but I feel some drops in the quality of the block designs and some details btw
GG NICE HALLOWEEN LEVEL :)
good
lol today my birthday
Yea nice!!!
I dont clam 1 key:(
Amazing!
Thanks Unzor!
25/10
Deserves epic. Loved this
4500 stars :D
DIOOOOOOOSSSSSSSS
SpookyCoins
Gracias por la dedicacion. Has mejorado! 
Lol 1Att harder 6 * GG
neon ratio
Very good, probably your best yet! 2/10.
Pretty good Cold Sweat remake, but I don't like how far you deviated from the original in this. 6/10
looks like cold sweat imo
nice cold sweat remake, 1/10
Amazing level, GG! :)
YOU CAN'T USE THE DOUBLE CUP FOR THE SLURPEE   !!!!!
very quirky and original and
media.discordapp.net/attachments/633044066581348402/854871916593283132/looks_like_cold_sweat-1.gif
they actually gave krisking top comment
3rd send I'm more superior than Drane
im not letting you get away with this advy
first send i am superior
Cold Sweat by SleyGD
ur british + ratio
fluke
Finally 
2021 October 24th The Neon Raver Incident
I threw
this has to be an extreme demon for sure not an insane
how is there so many objects ?? where ??
stop rate begging thx
what do you want from me
why is this so laggy?
frames commited suicide at 20%
during my schoolyear, I dont even have time to go outside, while you make a whole featured lvl
who the hell sent this level lol
my phone be like: dying
0~20%     Weird Rhythm wtf
:D
this would be fun if LDM actually helped with the lag
bruh color banding
pls better ldm for the beginning
this is so laggy
THIS LAG IS KILLING ME X_X
hold down jump at the start bruh
RIDDLE ME THIS: WHERE'S THE SYNC?
gg
gg
gg very NOICE
OMG YES SO GOOD, thx for using my song
"Like if you play on mobile"
Like this comment if you are the best gd player in your school!
@supermelloen ty for this incredible song ^^
like si sabes espanol
Like if you play with your fingers.
this is getting featured in about 5 secs i bet.
pass: 101521
ball part is so good omg
GG :)
K R A C U V O
koroche etot lvl odin iz krasivih what i see^^
why is the coal in pain? :(
damn that first ball
GG first victor!
The colorful drop is incredibly good. GG :)
but why epic?
cool but hard
buen nivel :)
pass 101521
THANK YOU SO MUCH ROB IM DYING
let there be...CARNAGE 
GG's! Hopefully Rob will see this soon! It's so good! Thanks for letting me join in on this! <3
GG! :)
dont add invis "helping" hands that can kill me if idk its there
venom
glad you pulled through after so long, this turned out awesome :o
the level isn't a karnage 
fortnite kids rn:
easly a easy demon
coool
 Nice.
rate karnag
this level is so good
Love the structuring!
wow. Im mobile, and i got that far in like 3 att. I aint gonna try to complete this level. its fast.
awesome theme !
-no comment-
:D
GO RAMPAAAAAAAGE!!!!!
Fun fact: The most subscribed youtube channel isnt GuitarHeroStyles, its actually RobTopGames
very cool but why'd you request 9* lol this is 5*
First coin: Jump right at the beginning. Second coin: 50% Third coin: Click orb at 91% :)
5z5? My virtual non-existent girlfriend?
password: 578787
Coin 1=0% Coin 2=50% Coin 3=90% Thank me later
what
awesome gp and visuals, nice work!
everybody gangsta till the girl you like is 12
Second coin is shit
dddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
fun
ddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
The REAL Squid Game is Splatoon
to get the first  coin jump at the start
please burn ricardos house to the ground and you will be respected
This song is surely banger.
fartsticksxd is an awesome username, im jealous
Take away the "o" in god
Rokkia doesn't lie about one thing : y'all are trash
anjay bertualang
Lovely :)
nice ideas with some cool art, (I love the ship speed up part). But there is way too much glow here.
i find myself sexually attracted to these transitions
epic ngl
could be a bit more filled in air deco wise, but not bad at all!
LES GOOO
cool :)
mantap libann
libann you now will have 4CP :) Sending to mods!!
Yooooo
this will be a daily level sheeeeeeeesh
Yang orang indo mana nihh
a new featured level with bronze coins. must take screenshot
Yay 1k Likes :D
Buena song
i am unfortunatley not arb but I can confirm that this is a good level
like si amas a tu mama'<3
kopi 1 berapa bang
YESSSS GG
I give up trying to comment bangers just gas this comment up
Petition for this to be weekly ------>
Beautiful
Also thanks to Hado for coming up with a banger description.
le fishe au chocolat
Fellas In Paris
claim your ~here before rate~ ticket here ---->
Level of the year! You put all your soul in this masterpiece
guys how do i laugh in french
Banger
Robtop should add baguettes to Geometry Dash
really makes you feel like Qubert
this level is absolutely sick
Bonjour (sent)
team rocket is blasting off agaiiiiiiiiiiin......
oui oui
Sent for epic, oh wait
Like if you hate people who say "like if..." I hate them.
Qui.
so damn good
Ta bonito :3
nice level! thanks for the dedication! sent :)
3 FREE COINS!! YEAHHH :DD!
Good level, thanks for the dedication <3
que pro
Facilisisiisisisisisiisisisimo jsjjsjs :]
Muchas gracias por la dedicatoria <3 el titulo le queda perfecto :3
WTF brooooooooo
esta bien bonis como tu
Pues si ta bien bonis :)
ta' bonis
N A S H E <3
GRACIAS CSMRE!! ENSERIO ME ALEGRO DEMASIADO DE HABER CUMPLIDO MI META :'DD!! VAMOOOOOOOOS!!!
Not bad. Try to make something less repetitive next time. Send to mods.
Yeraldo ta bien bonis el nivel, pero creo que ROB no va a verificar las coins si le da feat recemos
3 free coins? I mean, sure, thanks
thanks for the coins :)
like for you :)
Cute :3
31,5k estrellas y 4k ucoins
Working on some server stuff, will rate more after :)
sent for extreme demon
I don't think Rob's ever gonna let you have your 2* lol
Man just wants a star rate and Rob keeps giving him feat+daily LMFAO
i eated sope
Coin: Theres a hidden orb at 93% and that's it.
BRUH WHAT
Easy daily again? pog free stars
You and Croc should collab
like: dios    ignora: diablo
thank you asthae for the name
woah nukeiix this is so good!! incoming feature and daily!!
comment flagged as overused               delete
im the real advystyles lol (jk)
Comment flagged as door                                  (open)
my school banned LOLbeans.io from the computers and im sad :(
gn
thanks again for the star rate :D
One like = One person leaves Fortnight
te apueso que advy coloca algo ahora    que pro >:)
and another mod is going to get top comment for using an overused joke that isn't creative
wake up babe i made a super original joke
It's been a fun run yall. Maybe I'll come back someday. But Yeah.
well lesson learned, no jumping over pad
help i am under the water
Horrible ufo gameplay... GG Tho
All I gotta do is finish Honeydew, then I can finally take my leave from the editor.
It's always been a joy playing your levels and being there for your journey. We'll soon miss you <3
34 attempts. Unbalanced gameplay level. #1435
I will add indicators in the ufo later. After that, I never wanna see this level again
There, I added indicators in the UFO. I'm never opening this level or comment section again.
Let's be honest. This gameplay is shit, but deco is pretty good
im a mod?
The gameplay sucks
GG! 32 attempts :)
Meh, not really proud of this level either, so yeah. Might make a better solo to end off with, idk.
GG! :)
GG Actually pretty easy lol. Only 45 Att
GG! Demon #1001, Rip 1000 Demons :)
wow the gameplay is bad
EL QUE ESTE LEYENDO ESTO ES UN CRACK!!! :DDDD
Like before it goes viral.             Like antes de que se haga viral.
like si eres hombre 
Like para el featured
Great level, love the gameplay and overall feel to this
GG! :)
hello! if youre here for grinding use ULDM but if youre here for the experience...use FULL DETAIL;)
like si estuviste antes del rate :)
the atmosphere is very good tbh
I like what you went for here! A little messy in a few areas, but themes and simple effects match the theme and song so well, ggs!
GG vine por nexus y si el level ta GOD, felicidades Vicolor
cada like es una vida mas para sobrevivir el covid 
you can skip most of the orbs at the start
what a great level, good luck in getting rated!
What is this transition dude
No necesitas experimentar nada porque ya eres buen creador :)
alfin tiene rate ahora a ganarlo
59 a, really bad; bad song, bad gp, glow obscuring gp, shake trigger abuse
Who likes the atmosphere?
gg bro!
THIS IS SO COOL!You are on the way to get first cp! :)
cinci sent for rate :)
not bad design wise, but gameplay/transitions could be worked on more
GG! 117k stars =)
girlyale sent for feature!
Rub plz rate this
ladno
GG! This is soooo worth a feature!
Nice
GG Finally.
must be featured :D
Feels a bit empty in some parts, but it's cool :)
GG =)
MAKE SIGHTREABLE GAMEPLAY
gg
Cool!
ay this is quite cool, the song fits well. nice work!
soooooooo good
rate this level 
GG!! fun level
"Like if your a mobile user"
theres  a level harder than tartarus, its called auto play area, its a silent demon 
this is so sexy
" " -every single book ever
yo mama so old she was a waitress at the last supper
HELLO, THIS IS MY FIRST TIME PLAYING GD :)
Empanadas
two fish are in a tank, one turns to the other and says - how do you drive this thing?
Heres a Halloween trick, Buy a bunch of Reese's, and then just don't answer the door.
No hay ni req
just passing by to say hello
my dad died yesterday :(
im gonna say a bad word, mirror portal
i notice y'all, hard to answer with this cooldown :(
why do mods always get top comment?
daddy robert
Have you accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and savior?
it's advy, run!
this level has some weird gameplay
i have an oculus quest 2 i should play beat saber more often
everybody gangsta till they look at the song size
I thought the song was 7 mb.                                             i was wrong
so cool
O: wHat"!
Yet another hit from Custi
whos from nexus?
WTAF someone is literally my name with YT at the end
Cool level, sent :)
the beginning gives me funnygame vibes ngl
like si Nexus te trajo para aca
spongebob me boy, i have been arrested for the slaughter of 17 children AGAAGGAAGGAGAGAGAGAGAGAGAAGA
Its not a secret way if you die. stupid kids
wtf why song is 71MB??
Fantastic work!
people that call this a medium demon havent seen the end of the level yet lol
it's actually pretty easy up to like 70 smth
whoa
certified hood classic
Press f to pay respects :(
greeting from bosnia! big fan of custi and custi level! excellent artwork my friend ! ! ! !
"like if you play on mobile" is getting old cut it out
Seems to be working again. For now.. DUN DUN DUN
Like if your name isnt Robert
Having some server issues. Working on it
Please put this comment next to 2kbs one
aqui estoy 
ty robert
You guys popped off with this! Thanks again for using my layout :)
en donde se encuentra nikce
Password:452168
Geometry Dash or something IDK I dont speak spanish
if this comment gets 10 likes, i will beat clubstep
Demon no insane
el advy no duerme
if sex is a sin then i rather go to hell if thats where all the big tiddie mfs are at
like for free obama sweat
"like if you play on mobile"
hola
i feel like at this point the people who hate on like if comments are doing it for the likes
like para que fernan lo vea
Good! Maybe epic?
Congrats on the first epic!
i think the 7th level bugged, im not sure, at one point the little guy just didnt appear at all
my icon keeps disappearing but this level is fire
#RIPmobile
I can't complete it because my player disapers in the room. Please, fix it
my icon disappearing
Wow, very good minigame!
this is so incredibly cool if this doesnt get epic ima scream
one of the easy cool levels i will never complete because L A G
Like or Dead.
rip those mobile players whos icon gets disappeared
Nice
the lag on mobile tho .-.
Geometry Dash is now an app store.
I can't believe that this game was made in gd 
Very good but my character kept dissapearing on levels and i had to restart
i cant see my charter
my chqracter keeps not loading and i have to restart:\
BUG: I cant see my character after level 1, is odd
You really need to change your design and deco between parts! And don't forget to put orbs in "top" because we can't see it with the portals (ufo part
garbage transitions
105,000 stars
bad gameplay
insufferable gameplay and blinding deco, why not just make it medium instead of make a blank ending?
Kind of a weird level.
so terribly laggy
wrong!
GG. 9 attempts and 4892 stars. I really want to like this level but the gp just aint it
Really clean design, I like
GGGG
G
stop putting those half invisible blocks everywhere, I dont know where to jump and where not to
@leify ur banned lol
really lazy ending ngl
YOOOOOOOOOO LETS GOOOOOO
i literally said advyout tf are you on about
winning
gg
its cool but doesnt change much and transtitions are quite awful
ominyo walls
probably the most sight readable 3x level 
i like the cube part
RULLS GG MAN
bug at 59%
OMG I LOVE THIS!! i always appreciate one-part levels, when they are lively and don't feel boring!!
Not bad for 20 hours
Nice
cool level, but for the love of god, add a no flash option. I dont like this trend of flashy lvls.
GG!
gg
W H A T
ominyo rulls
very swag level
i think one part levels like this are a really nice breather every now and then. nice job!
gg 24 attempts
GG!
bro got 2 cp off a 1 part level, that's every creators dream right there
I like it :)
4898eme stars
Thanks Synactive, Shake, Nikce, kr1t, Cinci, Hado, Tony, Howard, DreamEater, and mbed for testing.
Big step up from your other levels, I love the addition of art in this one. Good stuff!
not too fond of the gp but its cool to see you branch out like this
nice to see unknown creators making cool levels like these! :D
pingle
Homura Akemi would like that level
i cant see
oh my
Thanks Tony, Mbed, Hado, Nem, Disp, Kool, and Radley for making wind chimes. 
Special thanks to Subwoofer, SirHadoken, and Cinci for helping with building. 
man, the level is so beautiful but the gameplay ruins it :(
Looks great, plays not so great
i miss the demons where you could actually see where you are going
mirror portal kinda ruins the level tbh..... good lvl tho :)
pass 000847
top level
Will fix cloud bird when i wake up in the morning
GG BAD GAMEPLAY >:V
The day Pauze makes actually good gameplay will be the day 2.2 will be released.
GG! :)
Yeethook
youve certainly hooked my meat with this level
I played alot of games and obviously this is based of Animal Crossing :D
They say Video Games dont cause violence... This level makes me want to shoot some sht.
Petition to make this level the next weekly demon --->
a whirl miss seems like an impossible feat
banger
Hasta la vista baby
when the hook is meat
petition for drane unmod ^
But if your objective is to kill demons, you should kill the level as well... Fantastic level 12 att
Great level, GG! :)
Absolute meat, amazing hook WhirL! :)
Awesome level Whirl! Good job :)
8 attempts. #1403
Boom Kitty would probably love this level.
when the hook gets meat
GG ;) 9 Attempts ;)
Awesome level, great work bud
damn that's cool :D
1 like = 1 month no school
Very fun level, sent :)
really fun level, good decoration too, sent :)
if not level 1 was level 1
Would you rather? Pepsi or CocaCola? I prefer water.
dislike = ugly pc    mobile = godlike mobile
sorry guys, can't chat. Eating water
for real this level is good on both gameplay and effects
squidgame sounds like some japanese eating contest
If it's not Level 1, so it's 4y4. Find y.
like if your on mobike
squid game fans when they see a korean person in financial debt
fun fact: ive never seen squid game
Hello everyone. I'm doing fine. :)
Btw this daily is really fun. :)
My first comment with my new phone :D
I can drink gum.
yo
RobTop's Daily Chat Challenge: BE NORMAL
Hola Advy )/
why no star rating?
i love it how the troll face get crushed by the end screen. lmao
:trollface:
who remember the old daily level with this song?
here before rate
Renn levels are spectacular and also to farm stars :)
love the endscreen
GG! Good gameplay :)
gg 2 attempts
1 attempt, fun
Pretty nice! Certainly better than the original. Two more MAP levels left to rate! :D
3att c:
remn241's levels are good
1 att
yooo i love the pulses
i love this
ngl i rly thought the troll face was going to troll me at the end
lololololo lololo lololo
TroLOLOoLOlollll
gg
neat, sent :)
not bad :)
gg ufo transition sucked
yey I get my first CP Thank you All! :D
thanks for you suggestiont Navineko Now I Fix This secret way :ad
Could be cool if you fix 57%, we can die if we jump at the arrow :)
kapan rate -_-
reminds me colored eyes 2 xd
keren
@libann Capek Pakai Move
Overall the quality is inconsistent but this is solid. Send to mods.
GG love it :)
Nice level :D
the spike at 57 is kinda unnecessary but great level otherwise
ahhhhh, my friend got CP :))))))
GG
PUSING GUE BUJANG
btw. sebelum gw send. groundnya kasi spike. gw nemu secret way di 29 sebelum masuk ship
657899 fazz
Mantap
the whole bursting into flames thing is neat but i wish you employed any sort of narrative development beyond it going from not happening to happening
Thank you for using my song to create such an amazing level!
actual banger
Reading Efext's message made me realize that I needed to make an appointment with the ophthalmolo..
GG first victor really good level :) also i called the attempt lmfao
this looks sick, pretty fun to play as well!
Great level, GG! :)
GG! 27 attempts :)
sick level flet you really outdid yourself here :))
Almost had a stroke reading top comment
Lets go its out! it was so cool watching this level being made, congrats on finishing!
gg flet :)
GG Masterpiece!
fter 3 deaths at 69 for some reasons, i did it let gooo gg
(Second Victor) GG! Amazing level! Fantastic atmosphere and gameplay :D
gg 844 attempts 1 coin
GG 3rd victor, amazing level. Props to you Fletser :)
eye candy
Amazing level <3
Incredibly cool! :)
Could use some more detail but I like the art style. Nice job :)
coin: at the first spider get the red button, then in ship take lever in ship, then skip robot orb
WEEE WOOOO WEEE WOOO NEW DAILY!!! WEEE WOOOOO
Some parts felt a bit lackluster compared to others, but the best parts were super cool :o
Breaking News: I am dumb
some parts needs more pulish but still pretty decent. Try to improve more gp next time
Gracias :/
rate pls
GG! great level. it looks really good but the gameplay is a bit meh.
banda celebre antes :(
wow this is pretty bad why does the 2nd half have block designs copied from knots for no reason
this level made me live an adventure, I enjoyed it a lot <3
the star grind has begun
Very hard 1 coin :)
gg!
ahahahahah
please dont run out of chicken lol
Hopefully you get your first creator points from this. Good job :D
Mi level favorite
sad moments  :'c
Looks pretty nice, but gameplay improvements are needed
Certified Balls Momment
man just deletes his comment when he gets ratiod :skull:
virtuoso
deez
Nice!
wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
You can stay at the top at 77 and skip the ball gameplay.
Jeffrey Epstein Obby
bad gp imo
Good Night :)!!
visually quite nice, but the gameplay need work on transitions and skippable parts
hi ratita
this yellow orb needs to b purple bruh
maybe robtop is looking for a generic glow level to put as daily
Muy bueno!!! 9* estrellas??
h
im joe
bongus has spoken
cool oevel
What a cool transitions on drop!
like if you beat all subzero levels
OMG I LOVE IT SO FRICKING MUCH
This is very well done!
Fixed the spider bug
pass is 123456! like so others can see :)
very nice!
not the only rate, we need a daily
If we were in 2.2 it would be legendary rated
o my goodness this is so good!
I wish there was more detail in the blocks but the atmosphere and gameplay are really nice
not a fan of the drop tbh. just kidding this whole lvl is amazing!
btw GG and good luck :)
wow this is actually awesome
nice level;) 1 att
Epic deserved
BRO THIS LVL IS AMAZING!!
5 Attempts
good level
Not Bad :)
Do me a favor and rate it medium demon please :)
Can't even beat my own level smh
Esta muy bueno 8)
I rate every demon extreme demon for some reason
Design is so epic and gameplay was so enjoyable :D
Very fun to play and very well executed in the designs.
Amazing
FROM HARD TO MEDIUM TO EASY DEMON WTH ROBTOP
EPIC WHAT JAJKWOQNQI19QNA11
I'll work on a balancing update, can't promise much but I'll give it a try :)
Like for GD, Dislike for Fornite.
Looks nice :)
Easy Demon? hmmmmmmm 
If you managed to find bugs or issues of any sort please let me know in the comments!
100,000+ downloads, you guys are insane <3
I've done everything I can to make this more enjoyable, I can't nerf / balance it more than this.
colors are hella clean
i like this a lot
GG! :)
GG! 1 attempt to rebeat :)
i cant tell what is deco and what is block
bad piggies!!!
i literallt cant tell between deco and blocks
Somebody's watching me.
rated or not, its from the heart, i was inspired by Illli's sillhouette series! its pretty good! tbh
Its a Bad Piggies reference the 19%?
coin: enter house in the 72%
who else here remembers bad piggies
Nice level, but a bit hard to read. :)
I like the bad piggies reference .
who here before rated?
bad piggies truck:D
bad piggies <3
Bad Piggies <3
update: enlightment on the shading of non-solid objects. I reccomend practice if not used to it yet.
thank you for the support guys! really appreciated :D i'll make more in the future!
Bad Piggies reference caught me off lmao
I just saw a bad PIGGY from angry birds
Did you die at 1% in the 1st att?
bad piggies reference 10/10 goated
a little too much glow in some places but rly nice
1.Coin 54% 2. Collect mini coins at, 69%, 72%, 75.78% and 80%. And you get. Like Please :)
This is so clean and the colors are awesome, amazing work! Sent :)
:)
Nice level, sent :)
jijijija
hey chat ;)
another great level! :)
Like if ur a boy
danger lvl
^ my mom pick this icon and colors
hi daily chat
The generation where gay is an insult -_-
Esta pro
I like this and the colors, nice job!
1st Coin: 54% 2nd Coin: Pick up all mini coins in last ball part. :)
buen trabajo gatopeligroso
daily chat is baited by a troll yet again
oh look im stinkyburger i troll little kids lets dislike everyones comment cuz dey disrespect me
its the decorations that make the level confusing
This is the first level ever rated using exasperation's song. Automatic W for this level.
Looks like crap, but i love it
exasperation my beloved
cool ideas, but the gameplay is not it
rated level with this song, i can die in peace
Gameplay isn't the best. Invisible blocks, blind gameplay, obstacles appearing from nowhere...
**THE SONG**
like this comment if this took a long time to make
Mamma mia that's a spicy level tho
I never would of guessed a level with this song would get rated.
omg i predicted it a rated level with baronvonbadguy song
this song is not normal ._.
Exasperation is my lord and my savior u can tell by my icons
I beat Exasperation! wait...
Extreme Demon 
I died to nothing
baronvonbadguy my beloved
nice level texic B)
welcome back! i missed your levels :)
LOL NO WAY A LEVEL GOT RATED WITH THIS SONG
they're doing pretty good, rn it's just vibing
Good level, but too much copy pasta, also how your birb doing?
OH MY LORDY LORD! IS THAT A STARBUCKS CAKEPOP,!! CAAAAKE POOOOOP
sent for feature by sink :D
i like the gameplay, sent
This is bonkers <3
Thanks, now it looks much better.
wow dude a birb
thats actually pretty good. I will consider sending this. Gl on your first cp!
good morning
yo congrats on cp cant believe i missed that
sent for feature by sink :D
not as good as the rest, its still cool though, but its definitely made up for by how awesome the
colors could use some work but this is super well done :) sent for rate
neat
hey there is a birb outside do you think i should catch it?
i still i cant believe i got a double rate aswell lmaoo
this is amazing
Please next time put the objects on "Don't Fade".
may i pet your birb
love some of the ideas in this level.
not that bad, sent :)
Pretty cool, sent :)
ohh sorry dudes , fixed :(
Nice
COIN: Avoid the green orb at 77%
Taohoi
That transition was sick! I feel that the quality varies quite a bit though
Pretty fun, nice designs too!
GG 29 att :)
was 9999th download :)
yes 8*
Started with 71% ._.
Super easy for 8*, gg
gg this level sucks
very fun, GG!
pure fun
GG fun =)
not a fan of modern style tbh but this actually looks fire
My cube is claustrophobic and therefore is terrified of the first part
Such a masterpiece
The attention to detail in this level is unparalleled. Very much worth the wait, awesome job :)
This is one of the best themed levels of all time. Easily
Pass is 160921 like so other can see!!
LDM fixed
100% with an EPIC FLUKE RUN! GG :))))
Crazy job DavJT, glad you finished this masterpiece, congrats :)
GG. True masterpiece.
DORA vs CRAZY III
This is awesome! Everything here is so creative and is executed incredibly well, great job man.
Absolute masterpiece. Worth to wait a long-long time to see it. Great job, DavJT! :)
i'm clown!!!!!
loco 3
ur crazy
Hajhsaj LOCURA
si no le dan estrellas me paso tartarus en movil
LIKE FOR EXTREME (NOT INSANE)                   -->
DavJT I love you!!!
Glad to send it before it gets epic 
This is one of the best trilogies of levels, Fantastic!!
Great!
Nice level, sent :)
first few parts all need some bugfixing done 
Muy divertido!!!
damn this level is terrible
lot of bugs but overall not bad, done in 98 attempts :)
GG
top level:)
so buggy ;-;
love the colors!
this shit is full of bugs
this is an annoying level
Bro this level is insane.:: hope this gets to a 10 star!!!!
really fun except the first part feeling a bit weird
Just bad gameplay(imho)
secret way
dogshit
what the cancer is that blue orb at the beginning
dude i swear i keep dying in the 26 part its so buggy
I enjoyed this a lot :)
great level, also yes, climate change exists
ufo part was great
Ok we gonna talk about how smooth that duel to regular transition was?
Sweeeet
wow soooo inspirational or whatever
that ending came out of left field
episches level mein kleiner freund
robert where are you
simple but effective, I love this
nice collab
Very very good lvl 1 att GG !
gg 2 att, and yes climate change must be stopped
Almost XL
i love this
this needs to get rated or ima rage
As someone majoring in climate change resilience, I can confirm that climate change indeed exists :)
GG!
mmm good level with good message
Heat
gg
If this gets more than 0 likes, ill put a hotdog in the toaster
please work on your gameplay, 50-75% was awful to play
pretty nice level, the robot part is a bit weird to play though
that movement is clean
Bonito, buena suerte consiguiendo tus primeros puntos de creador :)
how is this 5 star
Pretty nice, although the gameplay could use a bit of work
i like the transitions, but some parts of the gameplay need improvement
Cool 8* lvl
I really like the decoration but the gameplay from 50 to 80 was almost unplayable, needs work.
el nivel mas bonito de todos <3
sooooooo buggy :(
Esta actualizacion me ha gustado mucho: mas decoracion, se nota mas la estructuracion. 10/10 y send
buen trabajo
Gg!! ;3
robot part really ruins the level :(
GG on first cp btw! ^^
gg 11 attempts
Good level! Loved the first two parts, but the second half of the gameplay could be improved though
fun, but dark angel's part is unsightreadable
hope this gets rated :)
amazing level hopefully your first cp!!! =D
Sent for rate :)
i swear to god if this doesnt get featured by the end of july
Hey mister i need to talk to your manager, robtop, about this level not being rated
This could be more cohesive
Thanks For Playing! :)
Wow i like this level, its soo "Keren"
AAAAAAAAA THX ROOBBBB!!!!!!!
wake up mom new izzul level 
2 Mods....wow thank you!
this is actually good , sent for rate ;) Good luck !
Cool level, the effects are clean aswell! Sent to mods!
Yeah,i just cant see the different between yellow and green
this is sick
HOWD I MISS THIS UPLOAD? THIS IS AMAZING!!
really cool level! hope this gets rated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQh1B-8TID4 ebic level and recorded :thumbs_up:
bagus loh levelnya 
mengkeren
nice lvl im not sure if it quite feature worthy yet but great lvl just abit empty
very neat level, designs and colors are quite nice :D sent for feature
nice
Not Bad!
Cool!
this is the 10000th level in my saved levels             yayye
maybe no feature but way better than my levels. i like floor.
Amazing!
This is my last online level... Good bye Geometry dash....
how did you make this in only three weeks
ily
292
GG 3 att 1 coin
how i miss coin
GG :) 12 att.
GG
GG
WOw
i like the ending GG!
nice
BRO IM AT A FRIENDS HOUSE WTFFFF
like su amas tu mama :/
best level name ever
Whenever im sad,i cut myself                                                        A SLICE OF PIZZA
beautiful and fun level <3
like for Obama's last name
Congrats on 100 creator points :)
ClAim YoUr "HeRe BeFoRe RaTe CaRd" HeRe ->
Really fun :)
i am eating rice at 11:00 PM this makes me happy
Coin 1:jump at 9%, Coin 2:45%, Coin 3:don't tab the second orb at 50% then take the key at 52%
so sorry for all the haters your stuff is great.
gg
les goooooo !!   100 CP together !!! ^O^)/*
10482att on mobile
Split72 is "curling" up to the top 50 creators
I like this level so vibrant and cool. also the fact that all your levels in general don't lag.
like if you have balls
1 attempt fluke I got too lucky at the ship o.o
WTF?!?! Level seems to be free but it doesn't end. Has it been hacked ort somewhat?
this song gives me good memoriesss ;3;
OMGGGGGGG FJDJDKJGDJGHDKHGDJF ILL HAVE A HEART ATTACK
sexy
back to back, that's funny
I just fixed some parts! thx for the support guys! love u all <3
doggie
kaira double rate                                  !
i just died to a slope lol
gg on double rate
kaira double rate                             !
this song is used for the best 3d level ever. just a fun fact
stop making levels like this........ its to good
Thats Cool!
Sweet and fun level!!! UwU
doggie
doggie
Doggie
everyone loves doggy, especially doggy style (insert lenny face)
porqueria de nivel con razon no tuvo rate hace 4 meses
How tf did I sightread all that in 1 att??
my girlfriends name is 2.2. she doesnt exist
this has a really cool charm to it, some areas are just lacking in quality. REALLY liked the end
pizdec
pisces nuts
Haha, funny percent, like this commet
robtop is pisces
Pisces is the RAREST signs of ALL the zodiacs according to Google.
thank you for using one the in-game songs
like if you are a pisces
1st coin: get 2 keys from the 1st cube 2nd coin: wave at 46% 3rd coin: get 27% key ball part @ 56%
I'm a sagitiddies
Could be somewhat empty, but for some reason I really liked this
pasword 001012
my zodiac sign is a samsung smart fridge
I'm a cancer
po4emy ya sna4ala pro4ital kak "pizdec"...
isaac reference
I hope this gets rated
that was not very nice
Perfect blend of the old and new
Thx 4 the feedback mardenn :)
not a bad start, keep building what you like
thx sedlec, i think its fixed now
How is this not rated?
Incredible level I think its feature worthy
This Deserves An Epic Feature!
THIS NOT BEING RATED IS A CRIME WHERE IS ROBTOP
gg! cool level!
how is this now featured???
Nice
Love your levels all should be rated
neat!
se merece estrellas >=/
why didnt this get rated?
gg
NOT RATED??
Needs Feature 
amazing 1 att please rate epic rob!!!! 
More levels should be like this!
Absolutly Beautifle :) like if here before EPIC
Definitely a step up from your other stuff, nice work.
Very happy to have verified an update for such an awesome level!
GG! :)
now rate crumche :)
dope. feels like a higher end insane demon to me
might not be extreme but this is pretty sick
Definitely extreme demon. Might go for this after Acu and Azurite
nice job
no way eyon air
LETS GOOOOOOOO RATED
this better get rated
i gotta beat this
Jeez i rememeber when i was gonna verify this :p until i lost my data...
GG, hard but peaceful and beautiful [Demon #200]
759atts gg :)
second? victor
password?
this is so damn good 
LETS GOOOO
ayoooo gg
Are those birds in the first part doing ok? They dont look too good :(
Congrats on 200 creator points! :)
Tap an invisible orb at 2%, hold an invisible dash orb at 25%, spam at 70%
congrats!!
This is gonna get daily and rated hard or harder. Mark my words.
why are you so f a s t
happy halloween
/summon RubRub
GG on 200 cp next year 300
i was gonna say how is that guy playing in november then i saw 11 months ago on the comment
feature
Happy Halloween :>
spoopy level confirmed
1000 user coins! :D
GG
the thing next to blck is orb to coin
200 CP let's goo!
Really nice :)
Rob you have to congratulate him, whens the last time a creator hit 200 cp?
200 Cps! Wow.
wow, the backgrounds are really well made, they fit perfectly and are clean just like the rest
grilovane vajca
Nice level!
really cool, I wish full detail wasnt so laggy :(
This is really cool!
I'm feeling chilly! good stuff :)
i like it
Sick!
holy shit this is amazing
Cool :)
Ends on a very weird note but eh, this looks very nice. Very cool colors.
neat :D
really like this, great job!
This is great.
Really nice winter theme level!
very well made!
nice theme and pretty well exectued!
nice
Good level, sent :)
Amazing job! :)
nada mal :)
Update: Bug fixed 51% ..          (And.. srry for the gameplay, i don't know how to make GP..)
epilogue besto song
sweet
Sweet dreams sounds like a thing a killer would say before killing you.
los niveles de ikaira son muy frescos ojo no soy panafresco
Really fun and great backgrounds! maybe your best level tbh.
Pretty solid!
Started off really really good but the quality dropped as it went on
looks good:)
IDK XD
o3o
Very nice
Awesome! :)
Solamente le falta las estrellas :(
0w0
THX ROBTOP!!! <3333  :'D
1 attempt GG. Feature/Star when?
hermosoooooo uwu
Wow!!! It turned out amazing! Hoping for feature! :)
If robtop doesn't rate this all his apples will be full of worms
epic
Great bgs and designs. Sent :)
My favorite part is how the backgrounds tend to match the intrument presented. Very clean. Nice!
really nice!
Coin: Touch the blue circles at 51, coin at 63%
Beautiful <3
Very nice theme and execution. Very chill :D
cool level! why is there giant scale hacked black gradient on top of everything tho
Very good level!
love this
Really soothing. Loved the song, also!
I like a lot the block design and atmosphere, amazing work :)
seems my resending worked
Glad to see this rated after so long :o
Sweet! I love the subtlety of colors. Maybe just a little more variety next time !
awesome :)
your creating skills get better everytime you upload a new level!
I dont see mayonaise in here, very disappointed
the vibes
How dare you dislike my comments. I will shut this game down and force open Fortnite for everyone
Oh no mods, everyone hide
What size is this level, long? Its bugged I cant see the... Circumsize
@RobTop Sadly I can't delete your comment
remove the cir from the title and you get untimate c o m e d y 
I will delete any and all circumcision jokes, come on guys...   ._.
Sir Cum
when the circum is ference
Like for Robtop Dislike for Robtop 8)
circummid
Wait, how come i didn't get orbs when i die?
Yeah sorry this gameplay sucks, I made it 4 years ago aodifhjadjosklarpoijgdfsa
cirCUM
you are getting better and better :)
nice block design!
I like this challenge >;)
ok GG
I honestly like this much better than NC
at least there's actually block design in this LOL
The fact that this has more downloads than Night Cruise, Glycolysis, and Twenty Six is just sad
Plz demon its hard enough to be dem9n
Another old rate, tysm rob <3
Like if you think Robtop ONLY cares about decor because he did not rated this great level.
guess it was a good idea to check rafer's old levels 5 minutes before rates
if u like this comment with ur elbow 2.2 will come out sooner
OH MY GOD YES THIS IS THE FIRST LEVEL I HAVE EVER SEEN FROM YOU OH MY GOD
"If the deco looks bad"... The deco does not look bad. Nice level! :)
EPIC AND FUN! :DDDD
really hard
hey thats pretty good!
pain v2.
thought there was a new rafer level lol
demon
Demonnnn
hard
upcomming easy demon
totally demon
Demon for sure
This level is just GREAT! I think I'm gonna try to record it if I get an Auto Version ;)
rob drunk?
EPIC?
Banger colors, hood classic.
wow
Died cuz effects are too damn amazing! :D great job lennysis hue -kukzi
6 YEARS ago?
Wow this is amazing, can't believe its 6 years old O_O
Dude, this level its freaking awesome!! Hope it get stars soon :)
amazing!
We Could make a MEGACOLLAB Namesis.. 
actually really cool for its time
love that levels like this still get rated even if its 6 years late
I get nausea when I play this.
999 downloads
-.-
56 attempts!!(*-*)
the flappy bird is real
71 first try
First attempt - 54%!!! GG
how did this level not get rated back in 1.9
You faking sexy ass creator...
Fun level, sent for rate :)
Really fun, but I'm not a fan of the deco, sent for rate :)
weno pos otro featured pal pana diamond :D
THANKS ROBTOP!!!
bad transition
pretty interesting ideas, good job!
weno pos otro featured pal pana Diamond :D
Buenisimo bro, sigue asi ;) gg! (All Coins)
merece featured :)
FiNaLy good lvl in recent tab
es bellisimo.jpg
what the fuk
gg !  :)
Buen Nivel bro! =D Has mejorado mucho mi pana! :3 y GG! 29,500 Estrellas xd  
e
weno pos otro featured pal pana diamond :D
GG All Coins :).
gg
gg!! :)
dude the orbs kinda buggy in the 60hz
Like if you hate mirror portals
coin one: top at 14%, coin 2: go down at the question mark at 93 (gg btw 13 on leaderboard)
lol
like if the mirror portal suprised you
clean and cool colors :)
first time i see a reversed spider
like si odias a yao cabrera
Someone else hate dual part?
vamos
robot section is garb
hermosos colores :D
how to duel
depana
GG!
the deco is fine for this level but I hate this gameplay its just really awkward
G
muy bueno 
GG ! 142k Diamonds :D 09/12/2021
yep definetly a 3* 
ah
Nice
super awesome
Nice level, GG :)
This is awesome
This just feels like a daily level ngl
nice level :)
Awesome!
GG!! 34k stars 7/Nov/2021 <3
nice
really like this one :)
Simple, easy to read, good coins. Perfect level :)
Really nice level :)
cool level :3
gg 3 coins lindo el nivel 
i like this ^~^
Cool :)
GG! nice one
GG vamos por algunas estrellitas :3
relax
gg
i hacked this comment so that i get pasta
Nice one :)
a
:D.
soy el unico ke piensa ke para ser un hard 5 las coins son muy dificiles :v?
Cool :)
:V.
long story short, I love this level
:3
can i get the most liked comment without the mommy icon after my name too?
A little unbalanced. Beautiful level :)
pretty good ig
Oda
te amo dos ca be
2/3 coins
gg
el pepe
:D
GG All Coins.
::.
wasn't a fan of the flash man but the level is really cool other than that
huge unzor vibes
Gracias por la dedicacion ^_^
Nice
GG 101,000 Stars! <3
LDM fixed...
Amazing night :D
??? bug
Buenisimo el nivel bro, gracias por la dedicatoria xd GG
thanks for dedicated, my new favorite level ')
muy buen nivel, gracias por a dedicacion :)
hello again wulzy :)
gg 4 attempts
got blinded
Very cool :D
gg
i like the pumpkins
nice
Gracias por la dedicacion 
nice, thanks for dedication :)
OK
Nice
Ok
Colorful!! -Mojang
hot
GG! Very nice :)
esta muy bonito el nivel,lo disfrute buen,nivel :)
THE FUNNY NUMBER!!!
gg!
GG nice level :D
1.000 user coins :)
very pastel
fun level
GG, maybe a bit too bright but the original deco is still nice
I love that UFO part!
gg
great!
1 comment
1 comment rate
first cp, deserves epic.
i love you guys 
kinda very cool
Hermoso :)
this actually rocks
Cute sheep ^-^
Increible
WHO SAW THE ASDFMOVIE SHEEP ON 20%
thx rob
fun fact : a bot is top comment
??? xbx  z?, xbb???,??,.??.?.?? vvxv  ????????????????????
IT GOT RATED
FEATURE THISSSS
BRO FEATURE
aw hell nah
Good effects, i just passed it with only 2 attempts lmao :b i like it 
like if you saw "thanks 4 playing at about 70%
6k stars let's gooo
gorje si ves esto saludame
one attempt?
muy bueno :)
If this comment gets 100 likes I will remove the triple spike at the end, simple
ok
Incoming: Ocular Miracle jokes
Overall is too dark and messy. Keep your colors and design. You can now try to improve your decoration. Send to mods.
yooo thats me again :D
GG's. A little awkward to play, but cool level nonetheless. =)
demons??
:D
gg 2 att cuz lag made it easier
i am dumb ngl
YOU
 
For the record my above comment was meant as a joke, although I will remove the triple spike ;)
I cant see crap
ok f this xd
okay why tf
:/
9CHO HAXYU. 4UT E6AHbIU
>:v
HOW WAS I MEANT TO KNOW THOSE ARE SPIKES
i made the whole level but decided to give it to arrownote because why not
1st coin: jump at start, 2nd coin: go above at 19% and 3rd coin is free
please also mention that belastet decided to give me this level, huge thanks to him ;)
thanks rob, appreciate it as always :) <3
transition...
Nice
Coins 0% 20% 95%                  Hold to get the first coin
Schaut mehr aus wie "Stachelbeere" ;)
51.500 stars
dude imagine if me, you, and ionn all got 10 cp in the same rate wave
belastet is down
Splendid & lovely lvl! Thanks for providing such fun & uplifting lvl! Much love from Suomi, Finland
wut?
how this just have 111 likes.?
gg on rate :)
congrats, good level :)
Gg!!!TopNum122:)3Coins
gg 1 attempt 3 coins
raspberry in german?
19 attemps GG:)
messi
This is pretty cool for a first level.
fr forgot to pathc a secret way ohhhfhh mygod (its fixed now)
"Si No Mueres En La Parte Final De Un Nivel Eres Hacker"
nice
i see messi
neat
Good endscreen
la endcreen es lo mejor del nivel xD
cool level
leave a like if
hey i know this guy!!
The endscreen is innovation
ENCHILADA SUPREME
HOLY HELL 3 GG
gg 5000 stars on my birthday :D
Messi
The atmosphere is awesome dude
Esto es adictivo de jugar, esta increible!
should i eat goldfish or chex mix its really tough choice
hope this makes ur day :)
Nice :D
Awesome level! Happy Halloween :o
Nice level bro gracias por la dedicatoria ^^
gg 1 attempt
hard 5
pretty good for a featured glow level actually
feli jaloguin
Esta Hermoso Me Encanta los Fantasmitas :D!
dont rate slaughterhouse, instead rate Yoy Did as EPIC
nice lvl, deserves more attention
i bet this will be very popular
love it
Buen nivel uwu
very good bro :3
Cool dash orb section, m8
vengo de face 
4* I hope gets epic;)
1 attempt, epic halloween level hope this gets rated!
wow, this level is really epic! owo
I had so much fun creating this with you. <3
Not bad. :)
I wonder how many people accidentally toggled the rose art thinking it would give a coin. I sure did
y the mirror portal
my head hurty
This is awesome dudes :D
beautiful level, hope it gets featured :)
wrong way dude
Decente
this is amazing
i hate my life
OMG this is insane, sending to mods
i Love this level! <3
epik level
It's out!
Endyn my beloved
Noice reverse gameplay action! Pretty sweet lvl, I must say... Thanks a billion times! Much love. <3
:3
I have no such weakness to the mirror portal
great usage of the mirror portal, having art on the right side of the screen feels nice :)
Gganbu?
Bro a show called Squid Game stole your art style! >:(
Like = Geometry Dash. Dislike = Squid Game... GG!
splatoon is still the real squid game
What means "Gganbu"? I don't understand swedish korean.
circle triangle square
First coin 12%, 2nd coin 68%, 3rd coin 97%... your welcome once again!
hola buenas
jugaremos muevete luz verde
i'm not working at mcdonalds. idk what this badge means, but it's not mcdonalds employee badge.
like if im gay
Like for old man in squid game
hola 4y4 :D.
I LOVE THIS LEVEL
someone: i hate mods! 1 day later: mods please send my level!
Like si a Ashkar se le subio la fama
hola spagh
so, we have squid game at daily. let's play ma... wait, wrong!
this isnt the squid game season 2 trailer-
like for anime cat girlfriend ignore for stds
Coin 2: No toques la 2da orbe azul al 46%, y metete en la plataforma de encima.
Re confunso man
Coin 1: Da un pequenio toque a la orbe verde al 29% Pocion al 11%
Coin 3: Salta casi al final de la plataforma y no toques la orbe verde al 74%
Very unique vibe to it!
cool concepts, lacking a tad in execution i think
FIRST FEATURE
GIBIJI
Very nice, only weird part is the spider section. I really like the robot parts.
WOOOOOO
CONGRATS MAN!!!
GG
153att all coins gg :)
22 att
38 att gg
pretty learny spider for a 9 star. but otherwise pretty nice :)
GG 59 Att)
Feels weird to play. Nice level
GG
Nice.
this is pretty neat, but I feel like the gameplay hurts it a lot :/
this is soooo sick, good job man!
For those of you wondering, this got inspiration from Creos Drift video, so it has a desert part.
Sorry for the weird gameplay. I'll try to make better gameplay next time.....lol
awesome
GG! :)
Great level :)
tapping to the beat might help UNLESS YOUR PLAYING PRACTICE
116k stars, a little buggy but still good
Why is the word Prix pronounced so weirdly? Ive always wondered that
finally rate
This is like a 2003Devin Mariokart level.
really awesome level
this is a really really cool level... BUT  i got 95 twice and 96 ---  9/10
GGGGG 678 ATTS!!!!!!!!!
this is so so cool omg i love it
sale noob cob
cool but the dual is a lot harder than the rest of the level
very cool, gameplay kinda wacky sometimes, but overall very fun
wont beat it only bc of the ending
i got top comment by not having the mcdonalds badge.
get me more likes than every advys comment combined
this                           is                           a                               comment
top comment. how
First coin 31% Second coin 49% Third coin 98%! Your welcome!!
Password is 172000. Thank me later
:(
like if you get wave coin by accident
1like = 1 birthday wish for my dog shes turning 1 in 2-3 days :D plz?
Why does every moderator get top comment for saying anything random?
hey who else plays on mobile
plz like for my dog her name is paisley????
Like for drugs
Thanks to everyone who played, I hope you liked my level. Thanks :)
that moment when you claim daily by mistake..
gg on the rate
like if you play other games than gd
funny tho but you can do even more better ;)
freuq if you posted a video of you twerking to among us music everyone would be so happy
like if you breath air
CAUTION CRYSTALS
peppa pig diss track sus remix
how you made this in 1day?
not sure why you reuploaded it but nice
81k Stars! :D [5/11/2021]
does anyone knows that the GD Icons dancing is amogus?
This song is a worthy remix :D
gg all copinz
all coins :)
Awesome remake!
d
gg 6att
Here before featured?- - - - - - >
Cool level belastet :)
GG all coins! :)
gg all coins 22 att
gg 20 att
GG All Coins :).
GG's. Solid level!
Nice level i love it :)
Amazing
My dissapoinment is inmesurable and my day is ruined.
yep, that is a moon
"Like if you play on mobile"
like if you are the best gd player in your school!
great level, sent :)
like this comment for no reason :^)
Who else wants this as the next daily level?
like if you come before featured
gg not epic tho
funny number
gg 1 att
1 attampt wow
gg 1 att noice level :)
Amazing level :)
3800 stars, 20.10.2021
This comment is hacked and cant be liked
Love the modern style, GG!
The decoration its ok. The gameplay is fun tho
YUUUHHHH!!! THAT'S HOOOOTTTT!!!!! :OOOOO
Muy bueno :3
Muchas gracias por el nivel :DDDDD
r anos
Mama' soy famoso un nivel con mi nombre tiene featured :D
BLACKPINK IN THE AREA KBRON
First coin: 7%
this ain't a 4 star more like 3 star
GG PUTA <3
Rann0x se exito :0
Les Quedo epico el nivel, suerte en tus 10 CPs!! :)
owoowo i made a part in dis
ranos
Rann0x
Brindemos por el decimo CP de el CreatorBread :)
JWIQIQIDIWIQIIEI3I2W8IWIEURIDI GG DUEIW92W9W0E##2829103003030020owdkwkwoow999rirkrkgkvnvnmvmcmfldls
GG 10K Stars :)
1k likes
pene
Thanks for the coins
bruh collab
Like this comment if you are the best gd player in your school!
like if you are breathing oxygen
funky <3
good level but the dual gp is garbage
NOOOOOO WAY! THANKS!
Why do mods always get the most liked comments
like y me corto una oreja c^=^)
the duel is buggy like hexagon force
bro
fnf is bad if you agree like this comment
this funking level is the funking funkiest level ive ever funking played! i want to funk now
Good decoration and good gameplay except for the dual. 
like if your name isnt john!
bug if u missed normal portal
im not beating this, hate this level to much to continue
[cluterfunk vibes]
Liked the level but hated the dual
que
4 versions, 2 months and the dual gp is still garbage <3
very bad gameplay
oooof,i tought i saw a rated level named trump
Guys, i had a top comment before, but it got dislike botted! Can we get top again? Ill give a star!
Donald Triumph :)
good transitions and designs. nice work.
Thanks for letting me playtest!!! Very clean and fun to play :)
Imagine if RobTop made a level, featured it, and then made it daily
GG Nice Level :] 
my game froze really fast.
Hahaha 69%
Ermergerd!
i love the gameplay !
._.
que lag!
hacked so u cant like :)
fun
huh, ok
i hate donald trump
lag :c
r u serious
XD
"Hi wide screen user" Hello to you too ;)
Really interesting designs and colors! I liked 2 parts, the first one and on the drop. But the...
...other 2 parts look empty and unfinished.
fun gameplay and it looks cool, nice level
I always liked this type of level without a doubt I love it
pretty fun level great gameplay and good deco
pretty decent
Overall an incredible level. BG is subtle which makes the block design stand out. Gameplay 10/10 too
pretty fun :)
first epic !!!
thanks for the support everyone!! more levels to come in the future :D
This is really unique, wow
Really clean :0
best lvl ive completed
I love very colorful levels :)
epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic please rob
wow, the most feature worthy level has come to daily.
i love this music
epic !? :O
The second part feels a bit too static but other than that good level :D  Would send for feature if I could.
dont play this at 3am o_o
I think this level deserves more attention, I enjoyed playing this.
a bit repetitive but pretty nice overall
amazing colors *sunglasses*
clean
...decor and colors in it
i just realised this level is technically a nine circles level ._.
GG :).
Amazing level very good
this level is smooth def a rate or feature
super underrated
rate 190%
Nice use of colors here!
lmao
OMG FIRST CP LETS GOOO TYYYYYYYY
wooooooow rate it rob
GG
Repetitive gameplay, but really neat designs.
amazing deco. kinda like rhe danly of the day but 4-6 star's MOD'S or ROBTOP here!!!
:<
1.Coin: 9% 2.Coin 40% 3. 98%. Like Please :D
:)
Solid work! The last parts are very cool
hola Guitar
new daily in 2 min ima guess this is it
graciaas Kaira! :D
Coins: 1. 9%, on the top of the screen. 2. 40%, at the top of the screen. 3. 97%, free.
How am I always early to iriswolfx levels??
Fun level, sent to mods. :)
veo tarde el mensaje, me alegra que te guste el lvl Advy! :)
2.2 is like my cp... doesn't exist.                    
una intensa aura calvicial se siente en estos lugares xd
like if your name is not joe
like if = long life
like this comment if your name is not *big black bals*
            esta vacio el comment, pero se ve igual
have you accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord amd savior?
hiiiiiiii
like if u got the 3rd coin by accident
hi Hydren aka best gameplay maker
gameplay needs a lot of work
Racists jokes incoming
prodayu rabov, 20 rubley - 1 shtuka
Fun fact : "Magia Negra" Means : Black Magic
a gde negr to
we all came because of name
xaxaxaxaxaxaxxa chto blyat
magia negra is dark magic omg you are so 1d10t
NET BLYAT HOGVARTC AZIATA :)
el gameplay dan ganas de suicidarse, but buen nombre
gde negr
sam negr
muchas gracias por la dedicacion nazerr <33333
nazvanie top
nazva top
what the hell is this
GG 500 ESTRELLAS hecha en un solo dia hoy todo el dia 22/12/21
name means like "black magic"
negr propal :(
a gde negr
my god, this is incredible
para de usar drogas mano
GG 3 COINS :D (11%,36%, 97%)
my mind is blown this is AWESOME
I love it :)
funfact: "sonho lucido" means lucid dream in portuguese.
what the hell is this gameplay
Anyone Else Getting CrAzY Vibes From This?
El final me puso nervioso xd
Yo quiero de lo que fuma este tipo 
LIKE SI CREES QUE EL CREADOR SUFRE DE DEPRESION ._.
un poco raro
please epic, i love this experimental style u got here. pretty neat, continue creating!!! :D
como q passa de 94%/95% ???
um dos meus levels favoritos nmrl
117,000 stars, grinding a bit slower because of school midterms and homework... Yuck :(
Muito bom
NO MANO DEJA DE CONSUMIR PERICO CADUCADO BRO :( xd
te amo poki
SO COOL
Behold, ProcrastINATOR!
yeah i think i'll finish this later
The level name describes me in one word.
Honestly, pretty neat 8)
is this 
GG :)
Guys, you can also check out my other levels, they are much better and deserve more attention!
really neat level, glad to see something with this style
Fun Fact: The "q" in k-pop is for good music 
everybody gangsta till escape from podolsk out
123,000 (+1) Stars + 3 Coins, GG!! :) 
like y arriba va a estar un Mod o ElddrMod x2
nice level
don't skip green orb in last part and click on move portals 
clean gameplay :)
guys, hold a little bit at cube-ship moment in 63%, this is not bug (don't tap on pad moment)!
Bruh
Cool level.3 coins
gg 25 attempts 3 coins
Nice !!
A little bit empty in some parts, but good level
first coin is cancer
thank you Girly<3
quisiera ver mas trabajo en el block design pero tiene muy buenos efectos, suerte en el rate :D
weird song
10K Downloads ^^
Algunas transciciones estan mal ,pero la deco esta bien
GG, Por el Featured Bro ;)
GG two coins and 7777 stars!! :D
gp is unsightreadable
GG!! 25 Att and 2 Coins. con la nave de Steekmen :D
Pretty tricky for 5* star shinies... But yet an AWESOME 5* lvl with fairly unique gameplay! Thanks!
bastante genial
RIP mi comentario
merecia mas el star rate, pero felicidades! :)
terrible transitions
Im going to make a new level, without help...
:0
i found you on global so i beat your level to pass you in stars
Congrats on first featured :)
yoo thanks for using my music
i really like the spider part in this one
memory gp for the win babyyyy
GG! 33,8k Estrellas + 1.3 Millones de orbes! :)
another day another banger
Decoration  - 9/10   gameplay - @&$%#& / 10
Teacher: The test is easy. The test:
yeah i wish there were signals
incredible job as usuall croc
XL when?
GG, 24 attempts
Nice with coin
favorite croc level
i love thisssssss
really fun, also easy for 8*, should be 6-7*
you have such great taste in lvl design >:3
EASILY MY FAVORITE. FUN GAMEPLAY AND DECORATION SICK AF
croc makes good levels now??? niceeee
GG!... That was hard.
:)
awesomee
Pls Rate
nice, really like the designs
When i see the name Yendis, I already know its a good level.
BANGER
Yendis in the studio just making banger after banger
good level :)
truly a banger
??
I cant describe how genuinely happy yendis levels make me feel
amazing!!
yea first lol very good level bro
4 att gg
congrats
hola guitar
PLZ rremueve ese pincho no paso aunque le de a la orbe
my biggest archivimient in geometry dash first like and first comment in the commentary of guitar
This should deserve the daily ;) nice work
4000 STARS!! Very good!
Love u
I really like this level, so far it is your best work :)
great level!!
dash orb at 0%
i understand having creative coin routes but my god was that first cube annoying
shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
8* :sob:
gg
so when is the moffe wattpad lore coming out?
I got white icon lol
This coin is....
thats what the point of the mask is
All the monsters are dressing up as Dream
Fun level !
cool
sneaky first coin
121att with a coin gg :)
nice!
your palace is very dangerous
This should be a 5 star?.. But I like it :)
moffe for mod!
when you make so many levels you run out of real words to use for your level names
added part
shmormp'd your mom last night
Its my birthday today and my wish was to play a nice and easy level that was not long it came true
I have a soft spot for braedens levels
oh yeah
who decided to rate this 4 stars?
Braeden how do you find these songs?
I really like the gameplay :)
horrible level >:(
Name the next level Flooble
7/10 good gameplay but strange dicoration. ;)
 
like if here from recent
ima update and add a part actually i think
beautiful. easy to detect font, fun layout, only the final wave part is a little cancer.
lol has 7 star levels become 4 star.. i guess thats why killbot is everyones favorite.
i did with eyes close :)
nice level, next time put some indications so we can know where to go :)
a
Like this if this is NOT an easy demon...
Spot #189 on the leaderboard. Pro Gamer
900 demons, didnt die to last triple in practice but died there 3 times in normal x)
Very fun gameplay but this should be medium demon instead
stolen joke but this legit plays out like a nerfed extreme demon level
excuse me EASY demon!?!?
who here is a mobile player, if you are give a like
very fun and sick song
ovoschevoz
If this is easy demon then im not a virgin
medium demon for sure
The Golden in 2030: Auto Level
Gameplay is a bit buggy
1like 1month no school
Update: Fixed some of the annoying timings.
GG! :)
this is medium demon
Nice level! :)
[-_-']__________/\/\/\_
GG! :)
nice level, gameplay feels a tad bit buggy but otherwise it's pretty decent
that spider part is not easy demon but whatever
GG! 8 attempts :)
idk.. very unbalanced with the spider, it would be really good level but the spider...
the 30 second anxiety ship part 
Sick
Fun level, sent :)
Very fun & energetic !! 8)
16 attempts. Gameplay starts to get a bit repetitive at the ship part. #1452
2 attempts wtf why
Rosier complete!!! Bien insaniti Xb
78,000 stars, GG! :)
Bro...that spider is on drugs.
GG! :)
this balancing is terrible
Really fun! Sent :)
super energetic and fun, good job-
don't hold
gg 7 attempts
pretty cool, some of the gp could be better like the spider and last robot
This is really beautiful <3
first part was epic worthy but you couldnt keep it the same amount of detail
I don't know why this is not epic
that was a spike...
the first 3 Kanji spell out Japanese (as in the language japanese) btw
best deco ever
epic-worthy, also 22k stars GG!
GG! :)
this is beautiful, epic imo
like if you like
awesome decoration! i can read the japanese :)
20/10
It is relaxing isnt it? ;)
but today is saturday
what a long endscreen
for a second I thought "Wait how did you make it slowed down
casi me explota el celular
3 fps bez ldm,kaif
why not epic!!?
beautiful level
typical 9 star gameplay
CERU THIS IS NOT 9 STARS
9* my ass its a hard demon
nice death effect you chump now i cant send it (for 7 stars)
three puffs of my asthma inhaler got me like
i won minecraft championship
WHY IS IT INSANE DEMON
this RATIO ain't 9 stars
very bright very cool very demon
Surprisingly, very enjoyable after learning it 8)
cool 2* level
wdym "how to get past 61%" i literally put guides
this turns from unbearable into super fun fast enough with practicing. i vibe with this concept too
balls level
boink
9 stars. More like nine stars
nah hes right this is demon smh
glaive is the drake of hyperpop
boy what on earth i build on 60hz
my favorite gamemode is wave
An 1.9 XL demon, with great gameplay and super cool song? I swear this happens once in a blue moon
this hard dmeon
yooo
GG! :)
Hi Paul my name is Paul
GG! 23 attempts, very fun :)
hard demon :(
GG! :)
epic ! ! 
yo! finally, thanks for the chance
:)
GG!!
88 att, fluked in 1 att after practice.
GG! Fun level :)
GG 26 intentos
nuevo hardest demon amigos c:
hola calvo , como estas?               
gg merece hard
gg! very good gameplay
Glad this is featured :)
Nemsy B)
Thanks for finishing my level guys!!!
what is this gameplay
it's been ages since ive released a level with a waterflame song
why is hikex in every glow collab
Very fun level, GG! :)
really fun as always! sent :)
En conclusion: nunca saldra la 2.2
the clownfish at 18% with the word nemsy under it is a refrence to the popular creator nemsy
Featured :D !
Nice
Nice gameplay
GG
Hermoso nivel wapos 8)!
pene
gg
remembr me when this will be daily
dubbayoo part sucks gameplay
una buena colaboracion de 3 magnificos creadores @hikex tu parte es la mejor :D
Your levels are always chill, keep making more.
GIBIJI MY BELOVED
ufo is cancerous
YES THIS IS MY LEVEL (I'm Changeable btw, alt acc)
I hope this will get rated! Thanks for letting me make a part btw :)
FLUFFY GIBIJI KOREAN BREED CAT AAAAAA I LOVE HIM
GIBIJI
yaya gibj ibifie
gibiji
GG's. Game play is a little inconsistent, but it's fun. Praise Gibiji! <3
GIBIJI CAT GIBIJI CAT
GIBIJI
gg, 99000 stars :)
Gibiji simps spotted.
gibiji
gibiji <3
Culo
love gibiji, hate the gameplay in this level
Just came back to say "GIBIJI", now bye again lol
GG is for Gibiji
GIBIJI IN LEVEL NAME SO GOOD LEVEL
taking a break for a few days so no levels for a bit
table ass
wtf
GG! :) 5 Attempts! 40100 User Coins! Very fun level!
21/22 jump feels like it has a wall of spikes as an excuse for a bugfix..
Buggy
table fish
i missed this song
Well, here are 6,000 Stars! I got them very quickly, a little less than a month, Well, GG!
22% is broken, please fix this!
22% bugs for me almost every attempt
coin at 4%.
really fun!
btw i nearly died at the end but luckily i react it fast :p
gg fun :)
what?? 
in fact renn's level is mostly sight-readable
que tension Dios mio
29.000
1 att gg
not bad, sent for rate :)
GG 123k stars! :D
Nice
im not even angry even though you broke my heart and killed me... WHAT?!?!?
good gp
really nice ! maybe add ldm for weak devices tho
Muy bonito el nivel se merece epic rate :)
Like if you love portal <3
omg this level is soooo good! gg:D
me ayudo a completar una mision, gracias 7w7
SHEESH
imagine people who dont know original song
song sounds like a tomodachi life character would sing it
wow, good
good decoration
very fun! 1 coin
GG! 1 Att. Whit Coin! :)
Ow 1 Atm
GG :-)
GG Wow! Amazing Level! 1 Coin ^^
like if robtop should allow replying to comments
for the coin: don't jump on the 76-77 :)
npesta
solsta
that feeling when a piece of sharp plastic is stuck up your ass and you have to pull it out
hey rob, can you crash the server? thanks!
like if your sense of humour is ass
free diamond (like if agree)
like if i should eat soap
i forgot to rebeat this
easy on daily is rare
yeah exactly its just that theres more people doing bannable things so it looks stricter
GG! extreme demon
hi tajikistan
Comment flagged as burger      [eat]
chat is dead so that means nobody can see this, it's better to cum in the sink than to sink in the
Coin: at 80% let you fall once you are at last cube.
nice daily
how is this lagging?
Hey rob hit me with that                                                               Baseball Bat
Claim your lag ticket here --->
fire
f in the chat for mobile players
1 Like = Add 1 Fps For Everyone
So hot
i cant believe its real
Amazing
please uldm
this is waaaaaaay too good
So good :))
you know what else is on fire? my godamn computer
laggiest ldm in the gd history, super amzing btw, need at least an uldm + optimization
2020 Australian Wildfires: The Level
the deco reminds me of my girlfriend, but the gameplay reminds me that she ditched me
waiting for the people who saw evw's vid XD
EPIC, every part is amazing and of an outstanding quality. Great job Team Proxima!
its not november yet
my device just turned into my new stove.
One of the best looking megacollabs
If each object in this level was a dollar, we could have 15,000 small children fed by tomorrow.
Where am I going?
help i am lost
THIS IS AWESOME
This is more confusing than girls
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
man's not even gonna congratulate the creator or anything he immediately asks for demons
i looked at at how many diffrent ways you can go and said WOW
hi
YOOOOOOOO
I choose Zapper's way. Hope I was right.
what the dog doin
it is like a memory level without fals paths
Devine, Exquisite
Zapper <3
tf is this deco, made by god?
not 1000 likes yet, WHY
those were the hardest coins i've collected in a good while
everyone like this comment
interesting level, very cool :)
Dorabae choose your way
Good level, sent :)
how do u make so many good levels
free 6 star
free 6 stars
4*
secret way whit the ship bruh, nice lvl
GG
gg 1att
gg
so fun!
GG! Good level :)
awesome level gg
1 attm awesome level
bro these moving objects are just amazing
1 att
gg
I like this world!!!
Like for Daily tomorrow
I feel the other Goodthing is better(Just my opinion
GG :)
Once again you have great gameplay paired with some really cool idea. Nice work. :D
That end gave me a heart attack wtf
good XL
really cool concepts and atmosphere :)
Very well executed, I love it :)
really nice, I love the ideas in this level
beautiful!
i love this!! really well done
This is the perfect level IMO.. <3
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
this is incredible
Yup, a favorite folder worthy from one of my favorite level creators. Life is good.
its like hot chocolate on a cold winter night to my ears
Cool ideas and a nice and unique atmosphere. Good tranistions too, deserves feature easily.
this should get epic
i love lo-fi. the gameplay and deco perfectly fits the music. must be epic in my opinion=)
love the vibez
empty, emt, mty, mt,                    :)
THIS is the best level i have ever played. its so beautiful. ;-;
This feels pretty original, deserves epic imo.
the song sounds like a baby crying with autotune
this isnt going to get top comment and i dont care anyway
what the hell's going on with this song
these comments are making me go insane who tf came up with arabian dubstep
gg 83479 attempts first extreme demon and 7,000 stars
No me gusta el Reggaeton
cool level
Nice
nice song 
pretty neat!
this song is a banger
Dude thats sick! :D
i love this song so much idk why
sha
GG MUY FACIL Y DISFRUTABLE COMNINA CON LA CANCION Y LOS EFECTOS ESTAN BUENISIMOS EN ESPECIAL EL OJO
why does this song sound like the one in ankha zone
The gameplay is good!!
Its awesome to see this song used in a level :)
me lo pase borracho gaaaa
Nice effects
holy shit the fog effect everything is so heat
so nice!
i love men (nukeiix)
i love men (erase me)
quien able spqnish dele like a este comentario xd
you never fail to disappoint oh my god
hello robert
Simple. You dont let it go.
1040 stars 151 coins
did I just died on a 2* level???
1000 user coins! 
haha
bruh
Very good and relaxing level 
dahhh no coin
drops phone 'please don't be cracked' The phone:
holllyyy shit this is good . gonna record brb
if youre going trough a rough time: there are people out there that love you. keep going strong one.
colors are HEAT
12.7k
maffaka gay
like for cats, dislike for dogs
like if you have a cat
send this level to Juniper ":)
1 att very good and feature worthy
this is the best geometry dash creation  known to mankind
meow meow
super fun to play :)
thanks for 30k downloads :)
haahahahaha 
like esli is tik toka
Kot
ETO PROSTO TOP
Larga vida a los michis
maffaka + decody=love
POV: you got your first CP
Awesome arts! Amazing level dude)
laik za kotika :)
10/10 very cat
im alergic to cats >:(
like if u have 0 creator points :)
8 attempts of me missing the dash orb at 49 consistently
like si estas lellendo esto con el pie crusado
Lile if, Like if, Like if...  Shut up.
dash orb fixed
very relaxing tbh :)
you NAILED these colors
free 5 stars :)
some of the transitions were kinda blind, did not expect high reaction skills from a 5 stars :D
:neutral_face:
these are 5 free stars I think
GG 31,000 stars! Super calm and chill, great ambiance :)
password: 100921
like if im stupid as hell
#84 on the leaderboard
a the iiii
138K stars, GG! :)
GG! 4 att
very good
gg
me running in a circle the entire time and winning first try
5 star
No idea how the gameplay works but I think it was fun. Also the pixel art animations are epicu
Pro tip : dont die
No idea what I was doing, how did I live?
This is amazing! You should do Gael, he has some really interesting attacks that would fit this well
rate this please
this is silent
Who did you chose to kill in first phase? Ornstein or Smough?
OH MY GOD
this is epic i love dark souls
R.I.P PHONE
Try finger..but hole
instead of enjoying the epicness I was just laughing the entire time xDD
Trash. Mobile users be like:
1 att on android. 0 fps
parry this you filthy casual
i had no idea what i was doing
oh god.Im dark souls fan and this was really beatiful 
Going in circles is the key
harder 12 stars
This was basically sitting in my created folder for over 2 years so i decided to kinda finish it lol
Like this comment if you like Alkali
i love you
i am 12 years old
cool now make darkester drop
Like this comment if you like Alkali
Alkali miss challenge (impossible, never done before)
SHE SAID SHE WAS TWELVE
well you won the challenge this looks sick
wow this gameplay is very unconventional and a bit unreadable
Im happy with this percentage 
this level has made me forget how to sightread
i have 12 years in prison
number 12: CO-
how the heck can you manage to make a build challenge look better than half the rated levels
rip mod 
GG 17 att, insane level...
you we love
she said she was twelve
never again again
nice gameplay
xyu
coin: jump over 4th column at 55-56, then hold at 62 black orb to fall down at 63
xyu
Yes i got the coin!
never again will i play this level
Warning this level could cause an eleptical shock
really fun
least downloaded starred level in gd (17th october 2021)
33,000 stars. GG!
that's kinda unbalenced tbh the beggining looks like a demon and the end is 8stars / 7stars
WOW
masterpiece!
Really neat! gg :3
Really nice timing level :)*.
Era
gg i love the glow effect
26 attemps + 292 jumps
p cool
YOOOOOOOOO
hi Gormuck
Nice level, sent :)
phurst victor. Nice level, love it :D
This level need LDM, but is a great level :)
cool
Nice
the beast our friend tex guys, 7cps in coming!
Simple but cool
woah no way, gmdtex my favorite - BuiltInMacro
I literally just came back to see rob rate
Pretty clean and chill. Like the general theme
the gameplay is beyond terrible but thr level looks cool
so i guess i dont suck after all orbetter said after 5 tries
Congrats! :)
GG!
After this I literally have diabets :|
lag:(
tex be poppin off
gameplay is much better in this one!
now THIS is something i could nut to
release 2.2, robtop
thegot just released a new level called release that was also released on yt 
sooooo loooonggg
This is so cool
THIS IS REALLY COOL ;-;
nice level :)
really nice
awesome level 1 att
1 att. Loving this level, the gameplay is so simple and so good...
sik
So beautiful c,:
Fantastic level
thank you for making this. its calming, theraputic, and mesmerizing in the best ways possible.
amazing.
very cool. love the song too!!!
99
we have so many feelings we cant describe, but i think this level helps us make some sense of it. :3
playing this is like reconnecting with a past innocent version of urself, thinking of simpler times.
words cannot describe how immesurable my pain is
GGGGGGGGG 4 CP GANG thx all <3
oooooooomg
shoutout to the awesome creator below me :D
thx all for ur nice comments :)
Who needs practice eh? Hehehehe, EHEHEHE... I should've went into practice ._.
I followed you......           and died
All your levels done!
YEEES GG
Ok, I follow you.
GG,$
Why people say GG on a 6 star?           1 - 9 stars = Free Level
GG! I thought it was a 5 star when I was on the completion attempt, and I was kinda nervous o_O
37201 stars.
the ship is kinda annoying but pretty fun overall
gg!
:)
i wouldn't say im lost but ok i guess
Ayo it actually got featured. Nice! I remember seeing this in the recent tab lol
GG :)
WWWOOOWW! GREAT!
not the best gameplay, but the quality of BD and BG is excellent
Rockin
buena roca
Why was there an arrow here
Nice
yeah, level without consistency.
flappy
weird gp
how u so good at backrounds!?
Your level style is my favorite. Your design is so modern.
buenardovich
epicardo
floppy like-
kind of buggy :(
gg!
gg estoy en el top 100 :')
lovely!
AWESOME!
GG 22 attempts flows really nicely
Floppa :3
i see yellow
like if advyslyles now own the top comments page on dailys
cool as always
when the level is not all blue
when the geometry is dash
today is 9/10/21 because its 9 october 2021
LOOL I GOT TOP 2 ON MY ALT QUADRUPLE QUEEF LMAOOO
The "S" in H2OkidGaming stands for "Sexy"
Ok im leaving.. the daily chat is just as bad as I remember it
wish i could build good level in one day
gg coin free ?! :)
i am a certified Among Us fan.
blue's clues
geometrically dashing
syka ya eto kakto c pervoi popitki smog proiti
hope yall are having a good day
gusy.. i m quitgn Gd.. ther ar 2 meni h8trs.. 1 leik=1 wish 4 me to com bak :((
beep I'm a sheep
but... but there's YELLOW.
like for blue banana
Comments moving quickly, so I can say without anyone seeing that Im a virgin
1 like=       10 day no school
gg 1like=1month no school :)
really good
..., weekly demon is a medium, but in the search tab it's a easy ._.
like= no homework
pass:081021
SAUFEN!!!!!
This would definitely be a good Weekly
:(
hella fun, rawins part is a bit of a quality dip though. Still great regardless :)
good :)
54,000 stars and demon weekly #170 completed (Video on YouTube and images on twitter). =)
sick stuff
We put a lot of work into this, hopefully you can enjoy this level as much as we do!
GG! 10 attempts :)
Practice Mode wasn't needed, GG =)
Started to look kinda messy towards the end, but still a great level. Loved the colors :o
all these people complaining about bugs when they're just dying at timings
Bug at 78%?
coin: jump at 0% for get the robot
GRACIASSS A TODOSSSSSSS!!!!!
que ching3 su madr3 el cumpleanero xDDDDD
G
Not bad actually :)
Ay por tu madre...
Ahora si esta completo ;) y ese art esta muy piola XD, excelente! Gg! ;)
Mascaly canal 9 a las 9:30 de la noche hora peruana 
my favorite level (ching3 su madr3 el cumplanero)
happy birthday
que ch#ng# su madre el cumpleanero, ame ese final XD
feliz cum:D
WHAT????
SEKRET WAY!
Nice
Que me de unos besotes,Happy birthday <3
tv la firme
magaly tv
nada mal men por fin tienes lo que querias mas cps :)
este nivel tiene el nombre de mi ex JAJAJAJAJJAJA
such a waste to have a level of this quality drag out the endscreen to make it a minute 
A flower bossfight? Where have i seen this before..
claim your "i wish people would remember that hard demon is the default demon rating" tickets here
easy demon imo
pass 003312
GG! :)
*Believe (slight spelling mistake, i win)
Easy demon definitivamente :)
juas
juegen el nivel beleive de epticfx tambiem esta epicooo :D y tiene 2 boss fight
We all know that Hard Demon is the default rating... But Hard Demon for a week? Lmao ._.
Remake Of 4D?
GG! 19 attempts :)
67 attempts. #1525
Wow, flower shooting the laser
i think its easy or medium demon.No hard
1 like = +1 fps
beleive complete!!! A flower bossfight? :i
e
53 - 100 epic fluck run 
like if you dont know what opxism means
Like if im gay
the name sounds like a deodorant
unless
Like if your name is not Mike
am i dumb or is this bugged for my 240hz headass
like if your balls itch
gg secret way at  65%!
Absolutely wonderful 5* lvl. So energetic, fun & beautiful! Thanks a ton for the blast! Love. GG. <3
GG 21,000 stars
este comentario esta hackeado a si que puedes dar likes infinitos
que pro que soy
che bug
this level is immediately good theres no mod top comment
ay this was actually pretty good
What?!?!
Escuche Onii Chan!!! XD!
is "that cute girl" really cute though!? (i love this joke)
Noice This level is scary though in the middle of it It went so slow it scared me 
pass 555555
potatoes are just fruits
Nice
comment flagged as dog                                           (pet)
Forgot coin, im stupid
comment flagged as potato                           (eat)
funny world we live in this is epic but some lvls that deserve epic are only featured
really fun level, congrats on daily though :)
Whoops.
what do you call a guy with no arms and no legs at your front door? matt
comment flagged as never gonna                        [give you up]
Comment flagged as something not funny                                   [Delete]
Wow
if this reaches 3 likes ill tell my crush i like her
Hi guys
guitar es calvo :v okno XD
comment flagged as my head                                                (whack)
people in hospitals instantly recovering after a geometry dash comment hit 50 likes
i wish bald people were real
Please put a epilepsy warning on your level please my 6 year old brother is not breathing. i got 100
jayuff came over to my house and peed on my cheerios
got to room 13/15 right towards the end, dunno if this should be a 7*
If this doesnt get epic, Zejoant will eat his boots.
this is awesome but i literally cant get past the second room because im so stupid
I love this, fun recreation!
10 likes and ill tell wulzy to play this.
I used my head and all I got was a skull fracture and a broken screen >:(
I spent 10 years in room 13, and i still dont understand
Best mini game?  o_0
like if you think you need more time.
200 IQ requiered
I loved the sensitivity of the control, and the simple and clean animations.
this is awesome, you are an insanely talented minigame creator
nice concept but stage 11 is way harder than anything else
mobile players -----> welcome to the new tartarus
Animations were very clean, and the controls werr amazing! forgot this was gd
Very nice recreation :)
probably the case. check the full room in my youtube video or something
who else read giga chad instead of gacha head
this is very cool
im stuck at stage 11/15 im so confused
like y demando a mi papa
Percy top 100 vamos
visuals are definitely your strong point, the deco goes so hard but the gameplay feels kinda weird at times :)
AYUDA ME EMBARGAN LA CASA AAAAAAAA
i read creator's nick as FUNKYpu$$y IM SORRY
Si.
PERSY TOP 100 PERSY TOP 100
que pedo con la song parece electfo por un DJ peruano JAJAJA
awita de colores coloridos :0
i let my little brother play this level and he liked it so much he started dancing on the fooor :)
gg !
epilepsy moment
who else jumped to get the coin? if so, please like!
beautiful level
que buen niveeel
i skipped the slow speed xd
What a cool cp number!
the song hits HARD BRO
Niveles de los GOD
rob better do more than one more level lol
WHAT THE DAILY DOIN?
Si
the ufo is the best part
ima enjoy this crisp diet coc, i mean diet coc, i mean diet coc, i mean diet coc, i mean diet coc, i mean diet coc, i mean diet coc, i mean di
wanna play hide and seek but if I find you I send you to an orpanage?
Si lees esto, te deseo un muy bonito dia y suerte en todo! <3
I showed this level to my epleptic friend, now I don't have an epleptic friend
awesome!
muy buenas tardes ian
dime algo
POV: insultas fri fayer en una escuela publica..
we're all human beings mates
Why cant orphans get iphones? cuz they cant find the home button
wait, splatoon is a squid game??? *REAL* *NOT CLICKBAIT* *3AM* *ALMOST DIED* *WATCH TILL THE END*
some objects may trigger epilepsy, overall not bad!
Good slaps in the bass
pass is 2396 now like
2 likes and i use evw icon
nice work everything looks super clean-
goku when only 29,999,999,999 spongebobs pull up to his house
1st coin: before 2nd coin, 2nd coin: after 1st coin. Like so others can see
why?
thanks bro for ruining my day
clean
bruh what?
what on earth is this
Nice
Simple but clean and really good colors. Really cool level, ending seems kinda rushed tho :)
daily because ausk
no excuses for this tbh
love the vibe of this and ty for using my fav song :)
Really sexy level. Hope this continues! :)
Bro why..
wow 1 att and look
why..
gg 1att
OMG... what is it?.. It's death...
for?:v
...
end part's block design needs more details but overall sweet as always
basically all my attempts are spent dying to random invisible hitboxes
THX FOR LETTING ME VERIFY THIS :D
harder than zodiac
i also love bossfights that just randomly kill you for following the arrow, absolutely irredeemable
GG! :)
pretty cool
medium demon difficulty, but...
almost all of my deaths were to the bossfight, and almost all of them were due to bad hitboxes or...
beautiful :0
Thank you for giving me the opportunity to playtest
...the boss killing me despite me being on the right path, it was very confusing and frustrating
okay its hard demon so lets rerate it back to insane demon :)
pretty cool
DUDE ITS INSANE DEMON WE GOT INSWNE DEMON LMFAOOOOOO
Virulent complete!!! green ',)
this level is absolute garbage
73 practice att 0_o my skill is slowly growing up, even if im mobile player
now question this: is this even an insane demon?
GGGGG =))) Epic bossffight....
Medium demon
not bad, colors were neat but I wish you'd switch up your style in future projects
Ty for the level, looks amazing overall :)
yo thanks Rob appreciate that
si le das like a este comentario aprobaras el semestre y tu mamita sera eterna :3
ausky wasky
a little too on the simple side but it's still clean
i died here just to say this
GG's. 1 Coin! Fun level! Spikes are a little hard to see though. x)
Nice
nice stuff ;)
Coins 10% 30% 68%
Wow this is already featured?!?! It has only been out for 6 hours!!
I love it, but white spikes on white bg isnt cool
i dont know anyone that uses better colors than u nice work ;)
way too bright
Yeah it is a bit empty... but good song choice :)
cool
me siento imbecil 
hi
jajaja pinche coin
soft
blueish when
not bad brother :)
YunHaSue14 for #1 creator!
gg 7att, siempre creas niveles hermosos  
Like, if you play it before rate...
YunHaSue14 GO TOP 1 CREATOOOR!!!
first coin at 20%, second at 33% last one at 87% 
This will be a super exciting moment because if this get rate then yun is in top 5!
gg
Rate another yun level so he can surpass experience d
is this sunset X or sum??  if u know im talking about ur a pro
bonito
awesome
Guys this style is really simple, you can recreate this if u are a noob at decorating like me! :D
gg 
once this get's featured you'll be tied for 5th place. can't wait for you to be #1
raddish*
GG easy 1 attempt.
GG, Congrats on Top 5 creators!
rgb backwards is burger
ur british + ratio
First
RGB ram $500
good level imo
gg man :))
best level ever made
this would be one of the best extremes if it werent for the fact that ur british
krasniy zeleniy siniy
100% soon..
RGB stands for Give Me Custody over the Children, Sandra
why is my grandma shaking on the floor someone send help
british extreme demon
Tartarus, Sonic Wave Infinity, and The Golden had a threesome and made this level.
:lovpog:
first
beat this for more fps
instant send
rojo verde azul
I hate this level, sent for feature >:(
i made the gameplay in this level and so every comment calling it fun boosts my ego by 10%
yeah
i found 3 differen secret ways in the first 30% and a lot of bugs this level needs to be worked on a bit more
good job all of efect gang (including me im so awesome)
extreme demon
lets gooooooo
Fun level, GG! :)
awesome!
Less Gooo rated!! I built in this!!!!!
solsta
song is on both my video and efectgang's video
this level also syncs with right in, and then I realized the gp creator is solsta
congrat
wtf this is like the most broken easy demon
oh yeah idk if any of you realised but this is a nong level
34 att
When a 1.9 level lags your device
super epic, 78 attempts GG
gg
GG! :)
pure powah
one of the best songs in the game
Does anyone feel like the gravity is stronger in a dual ship mode?
primo
no
Dual cancer
people should use this part of the song more often, its so good
Nice
I Like This Level But The Dual Ship Part Is To Hard
wait that's not electrodynamix song
really good edo :)
GG. Fun gameplay, little laggy, but still good
GG effects are so cool
The gp and deco is amazing, but the dual ship is just too hard for an 8 star. Also, funny number ha
wish i did but hey :D
pure skill :3
now 69
not 69
medicham be like
not 144, cant pass
godnota, otpravil. tol'ko ne ponyal zachem tut verifer nuzhen
This is how 8-year-old me saw minecraft for the first time
GG! :) 1634 Attempts! 40,000 User Coins! Spent way too much time on this lvl! Thank you so much Bro!
pretty :)
i'm sorry but why are you so ungrateful for the rate lol, stop being salty
This is awesome but its really laggy
I hope I never see a level from you again
stalkermaster when they don't recieve epic while [insert cp grinder here] does
coin grinders when a new stalkermaster level gets rated
quit putting coins in your levels and then i'll take you seriously as a creator
Very pretty!
Amazing!
I'd say that this was completely robbed from an epic, but because of that desc that's on you lol
Rob you better unverify these coins they aren't even funny like wtf
gg all coins clear finally
Awesome
8982 ATTEMPTS, 4200 USER COINS. ALL COINS ARE FINALLY OVER.
GG FIRST COIN TOOK FOREVER WOOOOO
Whoa, I love this
GG Motch on the first coin <3
Liie if you doed at LOOOL
LOOOOOOOOOL
Who else was spammed by lol 1,000 times before beating the level?
Easy to read, chill, and well decorated. This deserves a feature
yes.
cool
Nice
this is why i have trust issues
anyone else got loool'ed ?? 
Loooooooooooooooooooooool                            Looooooooooooooooool             
OMG IN 1 ATT 92%
why are you looooooooooling at me
bruh like if you got loooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool
lol??
mrspaghetti sucks at sightreading!!!
I didn't die in troll part of ball. LOOOOOOOOL
God level 
??
you should try to experiment with your style more, still cool though
good
gameplay needs some work but overall good level , sent for rate :)
the visuals are on point, but the gameplay could use a lot of work (invis pads in portals, deco that looks like it wont kill you but does, etc.)
pretty clean but I wish the gameplay was better
My gp is really bad , sorry about that tbh, i will try to improve it  thank you :((
all these invisible pads make me wanna cry... looks cool tho
Looks dope, just wish the gameplay carried that same energy. Seemed pretty off sync for the most part
make the the transition pads visible, it's a bit annoying. good level though
So many bugs...
yeee boii
first epic ?
Bro let me play the game, theres always invisible stuff man
Masterpiace
8 years of GD being around and creators still suck at what they do but get praised by Rob anyway
Secret ways are blooming this season. (Thanks C14Endurance)
Yeah really wish the gameplay was better but the movements are sick
where is this |coin|
absolutely disgusting and annoying gameplay. only deco is good
for coin: destroy the flower as inverted ufo at 28%, coin is at 98% (i am top 9) :D
i love this a lot :))) <333
thank you @LegorasChan
No hablo ingles
Like = Minecraft  Dislike = Fornite    Ignore = Free fire
Well hows daily chat today, how was your day? Tell me, I wanna read
Te imaginas tener cp
was nice to collab with you, love your part a lot! :)
FUNKYpercy de Geometry Dash
Pandemonium.
potato
No se colonizar cosas
what is bloodlust
my day was horrible the girl i like rejected me :(
Venga te veo en ese bar
QUE
Guitarra Heroica estilista
Like=Normal  Ignorar=Yolofan
Interesting
What Airblade
Bad words..............
that's fun :)
@Wyvurn okay but you need to create hype first
Nice level
First.
hi dream!!!
hi Dasher!!!!!!
Like this for cookie :D
Oh nice
palle
Completed In Practace mode now.. For the challenge.
The main reason this level was first uploaded to an alt account is that I was ashamed of it.
tf u talkin bout
GG dream <3
nice :)
dream eater is below me lol
que
When a mod posts a swear
I like this level a lot.
Buen nivel con buena song
Muy bueno :)!
I love it, it's beautiful 10/10
MaskEater
alkali the silly sausage
183,000 Stars, GG! :)
this is the level ever
5 Colorado men arrested after labeling sulfuric acid "impostor juice" and encouraging kids to try it
Can't believe they removed your mod
i hope they dont fix facebook and its just gone forever that would be grand
mfs saying "check your racism"   me, confused, knowing it works just fine,
"why do mods always get top comment" = "i want top comment"
great
amazing work guys !
Si
This is so goooood
i see advystyles is about to dethrone my top comment placement
banger
flames
Nice
HAVE YOU ACCEPTED JESUS CHRIST AS YOUR LORD AND SAVIOR?
the alkali & nuke banger
me when facebook instagram and whatsapp is down: we do a little trolling
DORA DORA DORA THE EXPLORER
#EpicLooch
#EpicLooch
Real talk though this is some of the best gp I've seen from y'all, also 52 is free Kale just sucks
good gameplay except for the part at 52%
#EpicLooch
#EpicLooch
really good megacollab ! sent :)
#EpicLooch
we do a little bit of coin collecting its called we do a little bit of coin collecting
OH MY GODDDDDDD
#EpicLooch
#EpicLooch
we're so talented
Pretty decent, but a tad inconsistent both in design and gameplay imo.
#EpicLooch
Meekah got roasted by Kale lmfao
#EpicLooch
#EpicLooch
THIS is an amazing level. The part at 69% legitimately ade me laugh too
#EpicLooch
this is way too hard for easy demon
Good theme, design but needs smooth connection
the pass is 031021 like so others can see it :D
GG! Very fun to play, awesomeness.
Amazing level, GG! :)
Should be medium demon...
awesome!! :0
Cool atmosphere. Really pairs well with the song. Find it kinda flat in places, decent over all.
Joder que hermoso nivel.
Cool!
GG 27 intentos:)
Medium Demon
107 attempts. #1437
Very Cool :0
HOW THE HELL DID THIS GET RATED INTO AN EASY DEMON WHAT.
Me encanto haber visto el progreso de este gran nivel, GG!! :)
i strongly believe this is a medium demon #40 
this is not an easy demon
Thanks everyone <3
Omg, thx <3
Mindblowing level! The atmosphere is so well done here
THIS IS INCREDIBLE WHAT
OH POR DIOS TE AMO
WHAAAAT THIS IS SO GOOOOOD
Masterpiece, what a level Abs! :)
This is one of the best levels of the year
All coins in 1 run I'm better than Arb
arb didn't get all the coins in 1 run
Monke
STOP EVERYTHING, KRIS GET THE BANANA
like my comment if you love your mom <3
this is SUPER cool and fun!
gotta get that potassium
Yoooo an Abstract Dark level in Magic! Anyways I love the atmosphere here!
LIKE SI VIENES A ESTE NIVEL POR Nexus [GD] GG
this is amazing
Its donkey kong country?
It sure is RARE that a level this good come out (plz tell me someone gets this ok)
donkey kong vibes lol
NOSTALGIA!!! What a nice level :D
Working on some stuff behind the scenes to prepare for server upgrade. Thats why its bugging out
thanks again and again and again for using my song !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D
No puedo dormir
Really fun! :)
argue with a mexican and they will shove cocaine down your nose don't try us
i think gd is about torturing yourself and giving yourself self esteem issues
MrBeast so rich, he uses money to buy happiness.
the only hoe i need is a hoe lotta money
niger is not a racial slur. it is a country in west africa
Peaceful chat
i hacked this comment. u can like and dislike it
hello!
sup everyone, just woke up
1 like and ill change my cube icon
florida is the usas pp
lilbatman sounds like a lil pump wannabe name
I think robtop chooses the daily...
comment flagged as ham                                                    [eat]
If you read this, you are not RobTop
14.700 stars, GG!!
Suscribete a mi canal de youtube, me ayudarias mucho :3
Is it just me or the song contains Windows 95 samples?
GRACIAS A TODOOOOOOS LOS QUIERO MUCHO :3 
pretty interesting use of rainbows, consistenty in quality could be better tho
OMG THIS LEVEL IS INSANE BROOOOO ITS COOL TO BE THE FIRTS PERSON COMENTING ON THIS COOL LEVEL MAN
love the rainbows
cool vengo de facebook hola grupo
2nd coin : 68% look carefully :)
Nose Ustedes , Pero Para Mi Esto Esta Hermoso!!!
nice my friend @adriam71
1st coin: super jump at 11% 2nd coin: after 1st coin 3rd coin: after 2nd coin
bonitas estructuras nalgon nwn
Epico nivel denle estrellas
sykaaaaaaaa
Featured!
esta muy bueno camarada, que mejor que observar desde lejos a una deidad en todo su esplendor
Gg, 43.100 Stars! Super fun level, thx for dedicating! ;3
buen nivel
wow este nivel merece featured
GG Adriam Otro Nivel Con Rate Estoy Feliz Por Ti!!!
I will only ask that you enjoy this collaboration and strongly comment on something productive.    
needs more anime girls tbh
seri level seri level
would have liked to see a less copy/pasted start, as well as more consistentcy to the end
cool colors :)
Very cool, sent :)
animeeeeeeee
coin at 80% :D, is easy, don't worry about it
Sent to Gormuck
if you used ldm on this level, your parents never loved you
:)
Thanks for inviting me friend, it was a pleasure to collaborate with you :>
Cool arts.
4 000 STARS!!!
njir ada anime
kawaii art :3
onii chan
CHIDO :D GG
Love the art :)
anata is japanese for (you) and dake means (just by) (not only but *also*) and simply (by) =just you
cute
Not bad at all.
epic
GG Emanuell, youve deserved CP for a while now :)
COIN: Go down at 72%, jump 3 times and tap the blue orb
such a beautiful level,i love it >v<
"how you miss this?" idk, maybe because it's an abrupt transition thats also pretty bright
16 attempts, cool level
gg :)
super dope
emmanuel
BUGS BRIE :)
Hm?
omg i know this guy, i was friend with him like a year ago, congrats on cp
Actually, I should clarify, the gameplay is great with just a few annoying parts
GG
gg on rate
i am following the arrows!
GG 44 attempts, gameplay is meh but at least the level looks sick af.
Can I have a coffee with light night I mean light night I mean light night sorry I mean light nigh
Nice level, sent :)
OMG OMG THANKS SO MUCH ROB
a comment
I'm suprised the top comment isn't "A Comment"
Nice
PoV: You wanted to type "a comment" but someone already did it
what a level for more beautiful :)
GG FOR FIRST CP :))
a comment
naks naman lods
This is so much more than just a level
A beautiful level :)
ok dewigo
beautiful 
GG, very nice level :)
you stole my level description of my level dream :(
Despite being playtested, this still has bugs in places. Otherwise okay level
at the bottom in the first part says " im too young to be having ghese thoughts" WDYM ??
I love how you guys just goes along with the joke :P
A fail
On a scale of 1-10, my pain is pi. Low, but never ending.
I love seeing creative levels like this being rated instead of generic glow spam
I reaaaally like the gameplay in this, very creative :)
i love how each numbered block has a corresponding height to it, super creative!
who knew that pi could make better gameplay than what ive seen in daily levels...
3.1415926535897932384626433832795028841971693993751058209749445923078164062862089986280348253421170
GG!! :D the  3rd coin was painful
Gg! 26,900 Estrellas y 7,700 User coins :)
i love your levels so much!
this is a very cool, different, and interesting level! i oddly enjoyed it a lot lol
beuh i like this but this gameplay is weird
the Coin is EASY but The GAMEPLAY is HARD
Gameplay is bad but okay nice level
NOOOOOOOO!!
GG! :)
very creative level
GG all coins,i like this :)
PI IRRATIONAL?
my pain is the same as wuhus but plus 1
GG with 3 coins :0
rate Azurite he is dying
Gormuck is too fast for me
Very fun level, GG! :)
Very good level, sent :)
WIN
btw i made the last part not like anyone cares or anything
fall
drop dead gorgeous by aeyooo pls
good
lol
gj on hacking it and taking my old name that I was planning to safe on an alt
mb if it was a legitimate name change but I sincerely doubt it
win
92k stars, GG :D
first attempt?? LOL
yes i can
This level is so fun. One of my favorite levels if not my favorite level of all time.
this level fun
Yooo sick
The Mines
Good since we havent had insane daily in a while... or have we? I forgor
oh no. robtop forgor. i think he has dementia.
im at a football gmae rn, i'll manage yall later...
:skull:
Free juice boxes help yourselves [^] [^] [^] [^] [^] [^] [^] [^] [^] [^]
top comment? what is top comment? what is top? what is comment? what is?
I'm gonna steal a level and say I hit a devious lick B)
anyone else forgor? anyone else forgor? anyone else forgor? anyone else forgor?
am nemy
glad you now rember
does anybody agree that humans are very stupid like almost all the time?
imagine if this game was triagle based instead of square
pass 69420 haha funny
I rember this level !
the most american thing ever: BURGER SHAPED GUN
My time has come.
My halloween costume is myself this year
the only mods im disappointed to see demoted are neige, knots, and alkali
:O i forgor
free level u failed robtop
Te la rifaste Zhak, toma tu epic B)
Salgo en la portada
denle epic a este hombre
Pass: 021021
insanely good
what a masterpiece.
Zhak te admiro
this is incredible :o
you just keep getting better and better, the atmosphere here is insane
Incredible
Love this a lot! Not thinking it's a Demon, but still it's very enjoyable and optimised very well.
Donde esta su fueguito
Please take this 8)
Also, thank you for the dedication! <3
Awesome!!
Muchas gracias por dejarme ser tester de esta joyita. Por lejos sos un creador formidable <3
Every comment section has that one guy who died at the end
not epic but legendary
Eternal Flower.
re hermoso como el  creador
Are hard levels getting harder, or am i getting noober?
sent for epic
this is getting you another epic guys, awesome work :)
very nice colors!
the arrows are amazon logos. change my mind.
God Jod :^) ta bonito
35.6k
How? 
fam, this sick asf
my pc is wood
 Great song, Great gameplay, Great Level! GG
Nice
60hz bug?
this song is slapping
yay epic :))))
Nice
very beautiful level
WHAT?
wath
GG
this is so good, sent :)
This type of level never has gameplay this good, you blew everything out of the park.
Bli should collab with knots
Dude you rock. It's been a journey watching you grow so far
Fantastic
Pop off!!!!
this is really really really cool
Your style is something that pleases the eyes of many <3
OrBs In ThE wAvE?? WhAt ScAnDaL
tysm for the dedication! absolutely gorgeous level
im amazed, outstanding level!
Epic
Love the movements and the art is very smooth!
another bli banger
epic stuff
here before HARD 5 STARS
Awesome work!
Mind-blowing!
no bli, the clouds dont cry, its called rain
good luck
The design's not even bad, I like it, but gameplay brings this down by a lot.
dont replace the v with r, worst mistake of my life
This feels like a super-buffed 7 stars layout. Will be interesting.
No yeah this really plays like it was meant to be a 7 stars level that got buffed.
dont vape
unbalanced
Really beautiful!!
Pretty neat, don't like the 2 blind transitions at the end of the level tho
Looks nice but I wish there was more coherence between parts & better gameplay balancing
GG! Demon #977, Awful gameplay
GG! :)
super cool!
Pretty fun and looks clean, nice job!
19 attempts. #1415
YAOPO KABARE CAK SUANGAR AREK IKI :D
GG My 70th demon :D
unbalanced as shit
GG! 5 attempts :)
like if u feel my pain
GG 34 attempts! :D
Hey Bro Tu Is Cool -------------------------------->
i didnt practice it >:)
Woodkid confirmed
Like if ur a boy
wow this is amazing!!
YES!
run forest run
Woodkid
Wafflee good level, 99% need be rated, keep up the hard work ;p
VIVA COLOMBIA!!!
like for daily:)
woodkid
GG viva colombia 
it's harder? 1att
nose mucho de colombia pero se una palabra....muy buen nivel "parce"
no esta mal parcero
prety fabulos nat gona lie XD
siento que la musica no combina con la deco 
gg
Yooooo whats up!?
Very fun, sent :)
making this level made me racist to grid bg
upcoming daily!! Sent :)
guys i beat Butiti III
@tricipital you can disable shake in game settings
1 coin  57/58% 2 coins 91%
GG 1 attempt... dont dislike  pls this  is legit
Glow :)
Rainbow eye nemo
WHAAAAT it got featured 2 hours after I find it. XD
ROPTOP THIS IS 6 STAR
Guys! Password from level 087744! Like this comment! --------->
nemsy epic?
GG! 6.800 User Coins :)
Sin Practicar JaJa ;)    GG!
GG =)  90900 stars 16/10/21 11:23  
GG! 29,000 Stars (4 Attempts)
1 att really fun and sight readable
2nd coin at 91%
GG!! :D
bro room 3 is so buggy wtf
Like if you are from mobile x4 ='(
My phone :(
pretty cool ngl
this levels controls suck balls
i never knew my phone had a bonfire feature! thanks!!!
lol free stars
thanks for the free stars rob
I wonder how  do you even make these things ?
so annoying on mobile
rip my  phone
laggggg
oh Good Minigame im love the minigames in gd :)
i fell out of the map
Bug (25%-100%)
level bugged and got free stars, but no coin lol
sick
my gd crashed
lol secret way in 3th room)
I hate it
do NOT shift into the clifford universe. emily elizabeth is extremely homophobic
look as long as you change the design fenk its fine but this just isnt inspiration at this point
Updated the level replacin the 3 similar block designs! Sorry that they were too similar before.
this sure is a song about breaking personal boundaries and borderline harassment
Dude, those transitions look insane!! Awesome work, keep it up :D
Nezziee you have toaster looking forehead (among us)
sucks to see this escalated so much. dreameater please actually check if its stolen next time
playing this feels like discord's light mode, anyways cool level
I cant dance girl srry :( 
because you just took someone elses word for it and now your comments one of the most likes.
OK it's harder to run a stolen asset check on mobile, but I'll take Cubic's word. Disappointing.
Sampling without direct credit moment
Will run a check.
gg!! should be reted EPIC
nice transitions and fun gameplay :)
Who cares if 0.1 seconds is stolen it is literaly pixels on a screen retar
wat is this song lol
hope more TRUE EPIC levels like this can be found
epik
hello
RATED IN 20 MINUTES TYSM ROB
did this guy get his first cp 21 minutes after he uploaded the level
Im nervous to ask this. But. Can i have a part in scuffed i can deco and i have creating skills i ca
rated in 20 min? rob must be drinking that good good
Well, what did I expect from a level named forty five?
Gameplay is awesome, you dedicated it to Joe biden, you should tag him on twitte lol
Im nervous to ask this. But. Can i have a part in scuffed i can deco and i have creating skills i ca
Like if im stupid
Im nervous to ask this. But. Can i have a part in scuffed i can deco and i have creating skills i ca
@SwaggyShroom ikr
forty five
1 att practice love it
Discord: Jaxz#3764 :)
Im such a sucker for gradient levels like this, I love this level
2 attempt gg
No entendi pibe me lo traduces
._.
Update by patrick61804
niceeeeeee
how is this not an epic?
danzwomen
This is not even daily and there is already a top comment war
what a wulzicle level
n i p p l e s 
danzwomen will be top comment anyways
woah that's a lot of bees
Like if you watched the things for this level. I did
you can never escape from the wrath of the wulzys ball gang
511, what your beemergency
im just glad "who came from the video" isnt top comment
petition to nerf that wave --------------------->
random guy stop disliking comments please
proof that wulzy fans suck at gd
:wulzicle:
Loved watching you build this, you did a great job!
Watching wulzy buliding always gets me so motivated to bulid myself. 
Passcode - 000511. Like this!
if i get top comment I will get 99% on thinking space on purpose
danzwom
Hello father, I'm your son, baby Wulzy.
Rated in 5 hours lol, sussy balls fortnite obama hamburger
Named Hope because I thought it's gonna be my first feature in 2020 (Hoped haha), magic tab btw 
my only complain is the song lmao
I Hope ;) that ill get 10 likes on this comment for no reason. For the pun?
how did i die
ummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Dont hold at the wave ending pls, youll die and I cant fix this bug
Really clean. I also like how the glow feels like genuine light
Remove the third letter of the title
update
polited
@JoeyonMinecraft nice trap beat, why not
gg 6 att fun lvl
awesome
Comment flagged as spam
Nice level! :)
I love the pulses, good job!
4k yoy wow
Nice song and level! GG:)
3oebis level
let the top comment war begin
robtop please comment i need the burden of possibly getting top comment to be gone
Some people literally think the word "Task" didnt exist before Among Us.
ketchup compared to tomatoes is like minecraft compared to fnf
saying among us in 2021 should be a 69 year jail sentence
Don't try be a top comment
this song song sounds like a weird taylor swift remix
Were no strangers to love, you know the rules, and SO DO IIIII
JESUS LOVES YOU
stop coment
I actually started as a gp/layout creator. I still make layouts for people all the time
Nice one, sent :)
guys.. i am dieing.. pleaz.. lieks in sqare gaem will mayk me liv agen.. \//\//\
how am i a power abuser lol
Have you accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and savior? . . .
Gee who could've sent this I wonder
you can delete gd messages in your inbox by clicking on them, then pressing delete
I hate when my mom calls them "chores". Like bruh, they are called Tasks. -_-
believe whar you want but if you have to resort to threatening or degrading others then get lost
_________/\_____/\/\______/\/\/\______ like if you like my gameplay
hi can i get an iced breast milk with latte
i <3 cole and slaw
sorry i mean
i wonder how many people have played this and didn't realize i didn't use a single spike
GG! :)
I hate how I understand the description
cryinh this is unplayable
i forgot i was so tempted to tell you not to use this layout gueuguhg
bro
dash orb death... so sad :(
358 attempts, ship part was soooo fun to learn
i FARTED!!!
sounds like a skill issue to me
gg pretty fun
lol thanks for 1000 likes
@dissmobob happy birthday
wtf is the description
gg 600 demons, died at last spider 7 times
GG 3900 Demons, only 100 left :)
GG! 1st hard demon
good :)
good preview, can't wait for the full release!
very good
this is plain evil
so unbalanced and annoying .-. I want to like this but I cant
the mirror portal was a mistake
hi blakkw
The 53%-66% part looks very cool! :)
22 attempts, awful
Not wip
why the timing
GG's. Cool ideas, but inconsistent game play wise.
like for completely no reason at all
Horrible Ship...
"hey guys how y'all doin" i've been better
Avery sus
i love the red part, this give me some vibes of 1.9 levels. ggs
Not bad!
Odio mucho la nave del final.
very bad gameplay
Clean, sent :)
so glad to be able to send a zoroa level
Also if you get all coins in one run, there's an extra little message at the end from me to you <3
Nice level :)
dude
Serene melancholy is an example of a blended emotion, experiencing more than one emotion in a sense
<3
Beautiful :)
People who took all coins will rate demon
Btw, there's also an easter egg that leads to a different ending. Can you find it? ;)
Dang it theres a mod here Im never gonna get top comment!
awesome
sweet level
bruh let me read
There's neat stuff here
Beautiful message. Awesome to see an easier level coming from you. Great job Zoroa ! (3 coins)
im out here getting therapi from a gd level
lovely
will zoroa ever miss?
coins are not fun at all
I WAS ON THE TOILET ;-;
Sent :)
Sent too ;)
Felt like a demon, really cool :)
if you die at the first part then you decide to not play the level
gg 10 attempts, very fun!!
Yesss!!! My first medium demon ^-^
great job! too hard for a 9 stars btw :)
one of the funnest levels i ever played
I absolutely adore this level.
not a bad effort at all, the work put here should be commended
So fun
ive been lied to
I love my gp in this, hope other people enjoy it too!
Really cool collab guys! :)
My name is Giovanni Giorgio, but everybody calls me Giorgio.
fluke from 48
GG! 11 attempts, with better luck I could have done this in very few, great level :)
Love it. For real! :)
GG! :)
First
Ahem, Skyblock.
Hypixel Skyblock moment
the sequel: valkyrie
fluke from 0
PUZZLE FAIL! Kardes killed a Blaze in the wrong order! Yikes!
the amount of sb related comments is hilarious
Absolute heat, incredible
bad level, no music rune iii or tier 7 enchants
ill be able to do fllor 7 after i beat this!
I cant wait to spend countless coins on slightly better clothing and weapons!
epic
Im confused. Hypixel or GD???
Skyblock moment
scylla gang
floor 7 moment 
why did this not get epic ill literally cry
Wow a level that costs 700m to play, thankfully I have a netherwart farm
hypixel skyblock
WAKE UP NEW KARDES
its like my style but used by an actually talented creator lol
good luck
braeden momento
1st Coin: Up at 3% 2nd Coin: Down at 18% 3rd Coin: Up at 85%
gandon
Good level, sent :)
geometry dash is a good game because: you can become a depressed swamp monster
Like this comment for daily level
cool level and sogn
#YunForTop1
Sam takoi
Nemsy couldnt spell "Song"
One Like And i will yell  AMOGUS in december 25 :-)
"gandan" means "simple" in korean. Did you know that?
bald people are cosplaying jeff bezos spread the word
GG 1 attemp
Like this comment if you like good levels :o
I just killed another cat icon on the menu   bow down once again to me
gg 6 att my first daily level completed
Like          this           comment          pls
this is what happens when you focus more on deco than in gameplay
my pc  is smoking........ HELP!
Today, levels are way too much concentrated and juged about deco and not gameplay...
mobile lag :(
1. touch grass 2. i cant sightread this at all
i'll probably try to improve in gp, but that's hard for me cause idk about that lul
hora del rock
oh damnn
grande el sicre
Amazing level dude, this deserve epic rating for sure :)
muy bueno
Looks cool! :)
que hora es
obama
You really improved a lot, good work!
Lets Go!!!!
this should be in the time gauntlet instead of rose: no offense
really good :)
Designs and effects are nice! Try to improve on colours and gameplay :)
0 fps
Cool level, sent :)
So good that my device exploded
beautiful ..really well executed imo :0
claim your ticket before epic here --->
awesome! sent :)
deti and inspired and thanks to Epiclight, go crazy!
i like it
how this got epic...
ssssssssssoooooooooooo gggggggooooooooodddddddd
la maldicion del numero:
1 att gg good!!!
gg, neat level. 5000 stars :)
don't really think this deserves an epic feature
I really like your color combinations and pulses, sent to mods :)
really nice level
870 demon keys gg
amazing! i love the drop
 
I thlam my penith in the car door
Really like the pulses. Cool athmosphere 8)
True dashers play this with Geometrical Dominator as the song
This will be my last project in this game. Goodbye you all! Thanks for the 7yrs journey.
really cool but im sure there was a betterreplacement song than geometrical dominator
The song is not Geometrical Dominator guys, visit my channel and download it.
Very fun level, GG! :)
tam biet anh phi nha
I thought ita going to be all the level
Updated: Fixed secret ways. Have fun! 
Only cool people play this level without the replacement song
Em Khong Hieu means in Vietnamese I dont understand.
OMG,a Vietnamese Demon
u from vietnam???
I dont understand the name of this level
yeyeyeyeyeyey
LETS GO MY FIRST INSANE DEMON AND 100TH DEMON!!!!!!!!!! GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
Em khong hieu = em ngu vai loz
I was hoping 0% to 6% was this entire level.
chao ban nhe minh den tu Viet Nam
dunno why I was thinking the whole level would be like the start lmao
its a nong level. use your brain
I play Geometry Dash
nice colors, I love how smooth this looks
Stop saying "hErE bEfOrE rAtE", just call this level amazing and move on :3
Loding rage cannon. . .
Can you FEEL my pain? :'D
Clean :)
Sweet level!
Feel good inc.
1 att
Smottly good OuO
Lemme guess. You died at 95% and wanted to see if anyone else did too? Well there's your answer.
the snake blocks look super hot
GG!
excuse me sir there was literally no spike where i landed
i died at 95, finally beat it
(title) it still im a rebel just for kicks yeah
ultra mega satanic multi poderoso like
hehe
theGoT
nice
Will rate more a bit later, food first
robtop better stop his never ending appitite before he eats walmart
GG! 159.000 Stars! 26/09/2021 :)
this is so good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1 like = 1 second closer to the end of robs meal
"Like if" comments need to burn, including this one
players when they see somebody's name next to the letter M:
Rob is either taking forever to eat chicken, or he left it in the oven and his house burnt down
robtop please dont eat my house
@robtop  food is best
@942j You have been banned from making comments for 34days 22h. Reason: being unfunny
5/6 people like russian roulette
nice @MrSpaghetti
if daily chat was anything, it'll blow up at random times
like = tik tok cringe
shadow be like "yeah you can all die but keep the among us roleplayer he's cool"
You should sub to my YouTube. Its pretty cool :D
It is not even an hour old omg
Elbow reveal has happened :O
i dont get how people like ryan toys review
Spookylicious
Did you know that dying is bad for your health?!
Rob gonna rate this in December
What horrible transitions..
If this is not the daily on Halloween I will quit GD
Why isn't this epic rated?
never do a straightfly to spider transition. big nono
Yeah, the transitions are unsightreadable
lalalala, lala, lalalalala.....
sus
every style feels perfect in their own way, they blend with the level seamlessly. great job! 
this is so cool cant wait for all the spooky levels to pop up now :)
50 likes and i will eat my toes
that portal be like sike u thought
enjoyable :)
Thats cool :)
its that time of the year
GG! Great use of glow, but you may need to work on gameplay.
I'm not a proffesional creator, but how about decorate more first ship part? ;)
top lvl
Pretty cool :) The gameplay is kinda funky
Decoration could be much better, but the gameplay is pretty fun.
GG! 92000 stars
I know people are saying the gameplay is bad but honestly this was so much fun to beat. keep it up
why is this level sooo fun? awesome, fluke from 34% :D
you have a terrible username, sorry
cool level prob rate
gg 24 attempts 1 coin very fun ending
despite what anyone says, i LOVE this level, good job!
the first jump is cancerous but everything else about the layout is gold:) keep it up
this has no right to be this fun lol
ur balls are small
Awesome! Really unique and fun gameplay!
Anyways.. Don't stop building :3
so much fun
i ironically died here
i feel like this level is under appreciated, it was great tbh. remeber when this game was free
so good, love how good the gameplay was
lmao 1st att
mixed bag but that song hits diffirent
if i had a nickel for every time a level named ix was rated, i would have two nickels.
WEEEEEE USED TO GLIDE AMONG
enigma
It's definitely cool, some parts are better than others but it's consistent and balanced.          
This is really fun. Hope for rate.
I like the name of the person underneath me
gg beautifull level with rythm and colors but some parts are hard to predict =)
solvEd the coin issue
chile? saludos desde valpo      :)
Easy demon
My man <3
How's this not an easy demon?
obamas hamburger
love the gameplay 
one of the nicest insanes ive played for a while
i thought the orb was a portal lmao
awesome level!
@Dubomb your 100% right 
7300 stars!!! 29.09.2021
9
i thlam my penith on the car door
Nice colours, somehow the song feels a bit more lively than the gameplay though
Sometimes the government hides cameras in beehives, so hit one with a stick next time you see one.
what was going through robs mind when he made the electrodynamix ship parts
I GOT 30 G'S OF BLACK FOREST HAM AT THE DELI
awesome colors, great job overall :)
i slammed my left nut in the car door
I see many fake sharingan
my toasters on life support cause of this level 
me quede ciego ;-;
you cant like dis comment
Those block designs are awesome
el nombre esta SUS
the level style doesnt match the hype of the song
WHY IS IT ALWAYS MEEEEE?!
THE DESCRIPTION THO LOL
es buenardo y dificil
nice in dj! cause in colors is fantasic and epic I hope you liked much... :)
i never seen that many orb skip in a map like u can skip maybe 20 orb or idk
dr
Nice level, gameplay can be a bit hard to read in some parts, other than that this was a lot of fun!
so how many gamemode changes do you want in the gameplay? valkyriemaster: yes
oh wow hard demon hahahaha
Password is 577678. Like so others can see :)
Yooo its out! i had fun making my part :)
GG Again 8)
I like this, has a nice theme to it and the gameplay is pretty good.
GG! 9 attempts :)
NOOOOOOO
funny number
Some of the art goes off but a lot of it doesn't really fit and blocks a lot of the gameplay :/
GG! :)
reverse funny number
this is not an easy demon ;-;
very fun to sightread! :D
Hairaito means Highlight in Japanese
epic???                                                      here
Me when I arrive at the drop: Random bullsh*t, GO!
Welllllll, that's nice
seriously
orange level, i approve
i literally died here 4 times now
epic colors and energy
99 attempts. I can skip some orbs. #1382
This is awful for mobile players
Great stuff, love the energy :o
131 attempts, god, you absolutely SNAPPED with the gameplay 
SCREAMS
ok, you win
Congrats on weekly! nice level :)
looks waay more easier when you're watching than when you're playin
Pretty awesome level but man did I get unlucky :/
I don't like gameplay so much.
its either 'best level' or 'worst level'..no in between.as a mobile player this level is PAIN for me
GG! :)
like for hard demon dislike cor easy demon >
GG 200 attempts!  (4 fails at 98% sad) :D
medium demon probably
WKHANDJD
bad gp
I like men
vortrox loves men
cant wait for the vortrox comment about him liking men
this was meant to be much, much more ambitious and grand. im sorry
if androids have dreams they probably have nightmares too
simply read it better
Fornite sucks , have a good night :)
vortrox likes men
way harder than phjork
unreadable after 50% practice recommended
7k star!
I HOPE YOU ENJOYED YOUR STAY AT THE MEMORYSCAPES
15,000 Stars GG!
welcome to the hell
guyz vOte out Voltrox hE iz big sus!1!!
0-45%: 3 stars  45-100%: medium demon
jenny song
GG
oh em ge description references adventures times with the mathematical word??? :000
acceleration nyoom
like: minecraft. dislike: fortnite. ignore: gacha life
If This Gets Top Comment Ill Put UwU in My Name *last chance im done*
ill actually get in the shower with my clothes on for 20 seconds if this gets 50 likes
bruh not the "fortnite bad" innuendo comments getting first page top liked, you are all redditors
this              is                 a               comment
"If this gets top comment" comment makers are all dumb.                     wait
remember the "like this with your nose" comments?
if rob commented "this level absolutely sucks, i hate it" it would get top comment.
5 likes and i slam my head on the keyboard 5 times
FORTNITE SUCKS GEOMERTY DASH YES
i cannot see for i am blind
wow
pass - 78116 :D
If you like this comment, good fortune will come to you
sould i change my name now?
if this gets top comment it will do absolutely nothing. hi dislikes :)
Pls like my comment or i will be sad :(
LIKE OR DISLIKE ME
"away this week." 8 hours later i n d a i l y c h a t
how
coeg, w kira jam 10 wita 
Finally, we finished this awesome project :)
1 attempt. sightread the whole thing.
This is definitely one of my favorites from you! I love those transitions and movements so much!!!
changed bg in 22%, sorry about that.
awikwok
yoo gokil banget, epic rate worthy!!
gafen kamu ngapain kesini gajadi quit yh waduuuuuu okoklh kmu hbt karena km seouhhhh tp sy tdk okok
this should have a lot more than 900 downloads
i thought the creators name was fexeu because of all that text
It's 8 stars for me. To easy for a 9 stars
bug at 38%
Really neat !  8)
Wow. This is amazing, beautiful :)
Lebah suka like this :bee: :thumbsup:
This level is seriously amazing!
Relly cool level!
mantap lah buatan lokal gak kalah sama yg global
2 likes and ill eat my dad
knots?????????
Nice level! The gameplay is very fun too! :)
Honestly brings a tear to my eye to see a remake of my own level for the first time.
I love this level, and now I'm hungry
Very fun level :)
Oh yes
gg so hard for 6 stars xd
ufo is so cancer
like= geometry dash 2.2
edoocs
like this if you like donuts :v
I love the mix of old school and modern vibes. One of my favorites!
Where is my caramel >:o
GG 1att :)
i like it bro
If this gets 100 likes i will... Literally drink water :O
1 att - I love the vibes :) Maybe the ship is a bit unbalanced tho? But amazing level
qu'est ce qu'ils ont tous a mettre des titres en francais
this music is so fun
feels like an 8 star
super nice
Towards the end it starts to get a bit empty, but cool stuff! :D
Optimized and Added LDM Go craZy o_O
Thanks for the dedication
after a long time its finally here enjoy :)
el rey de los epics
gg me lo pase mientras estBa dormido
thanks for 3k likes :)
nice :J
cuenta la leyenda de que heart estara aqui
el fijado es gay
Also I still updeating the level but it stills at 0 downloads and like
Finally a good level in the recent tab
Nice :)
Like if you are amazed by this style too
what , only one person found out the level name reference ._.
pinche astol :v , pasate mejor mis otros niveles mas faciles :v
10k stars!!!!!!!!
2k likes ezzz
CALLA SPEIS
q
nothing special but the gameplay is pretty enjoyable, sent for rate :)
6969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969
8 cepesitos
cabros les juro que lo del 69 no fue intencional 
1st coin at the first ball part and the 2nd coin is at the exclamation mark at 82%
its a funny numbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa 69696969696969696969
But no te lo dedican
GG! Both coins, 26.5k stars & 6,666 User coins! :D
Epic level Rate Five Stark Hard
that part is so laggy to my potato
gracias mi caballero por dedicarme el nivel... esta bonito espero Robtop le Featured se lo merece :3
4500 stars
35359 stars.
GG!! All coins :)
im not mad
increible:)
good lvl,easy gameplay!like,and respekt for creators))thanks is lvl! I from Belarus.
GG con este nivel llegue a 1000 estrellas:)
simple but nice
q pro el saiper xd
This did not need to be XL, the gameplay gets boring
the non dual part was fun
this is unbearably long
GG 46 att. fun dual gameplay
TOO LONGO, GOOD GP TBH BUT THIS BUUUUUUG
so, u cant see colors, but u made this colorful level!  i am physicly confused
A bit delayed but, 10.000 coinzzz
why.
fuuun
30.9K ucoins.
ayy
Possible solution to 80% ring bugs: Play the level on attempt 1. (Also, time the rings very early.)
i hate u
gg all coins, i was thinking this level has a lot of duals, then i read the name and realized im dum
h
este nivel es de los god
Gg I Like Duals
good
37 attemps , nice fun dual
Duals........
mods are just normal players with happy meal badges
Pretty neat! I really like the concept in the first part, you don't see it too often. Nice :D
how is this only 7*
woah, def should be 9*. 
shuold be 9*
COIN: Grab the keys at 23%, 41% (skip the black orb) and 49% (skip the bkue orb)
rate: 7, request: 8, real rate: 9, seems legit
Oh well. Nice, I guess.
sounds like a level for me
 
@Cuddlykikinis Please stop spamming constantly, you are going to get dislikes. Say 1 comment per lvl
you liar
buggy not pixel perfect
58%: straightfly; Robtop: 7 stars
sus
where orb?
is this really harder or insane?
like if your name is not Jack
What happend to touch only orbs?
Should be not rated, there are frame perfects from 0 to 100
Lovely.
<<how is this not featured?>> dude its been out for an hour chill lol
Thanks for adding the no custom orbs mode :D
bruh pink orb
how is this not featured
should be an epic rated idk why
fantastic work
1 like 1%
COIN: Tap right before the dash orbs at 76% and hold until you reach the key
like if it gets next daily
Que cancion mas nostalgica, solo los veteranos sabran :'(
I absolutely love this! The art is great. Reminds me of something I'd make, lol.
SOOO COOL LOVE IT :))))
Yo, it got rated in 4 hours tf! LOL
im first
Que nostalgia por la cancion :'3
2 att LOL :)
muy relajante me encanta la deco mis respetos y mi like te los llevas GG!
Stressful
this needs to be featured !
not bad :)
Re epico mano :D!! Encantado de aver ayudado 8))!
Havent heard this song used in a while
Rate FlasH!!!!
espero ser un creador igual de bueno algun dia :)
gg 9 attempts 1 coin
who else touched lol
recent tab. . .      how
GG thanks for letting me be in the collab :)
me trae recuerdos :)
like this if you wanna free cookie :)
One of the easiest 7 star levels tbh
watch this get daily
GGGG PTMRE BAANZ 30 CPS :DD!! Vamo' a por los 40 pe wbn 8)!!
How is there no epic rate
i love the designs :)
Gucci!
i luv you
10/10 song choice
GG! Perfect drop and the end of the level.. :'
I just wish I had a fraction of your creativity, amazing as always
74% fake secret way is so good xd
probably your best so far. love it)
Orb based gameplay that sucks at 22%
oh wow, rated XL levels are so rare nowadays :0
this is probably one of the most fun xls ive played :)
this level is actually beautiful
very very fun
I didn't enjoy the gameplay at the start of the levels but 40 onwards is very good
cool
awesome level :0
1 att
6 Attempts- GG, ngl I like it
Great level, very fun! :)
Canada Place lore
nice
:3
POP OFF
SOOO GOOD. It gives me a sense of wonder that I haven't had much since 1.9. I can tell you had fun
Really good sync and colleration to the song.
when the recent tab becomes the decent tab
Good level, sent :)
ola
;)
el dano truco nunca falla
100 att. I love laggy demons with useless ldm
the balancing of this level is a disaster
spike have lag, sad spike
That first part has some nice glow and colors but the rest feels very bland.. gameplay is good tho
GG! :)
The quality of the parts varies greatly. A lot of the same type of moments, in some parts there is..
pass : 842697
...some parts there is not enough movement, but I liked the colors and designs
Like Si Pensaste Que Era Un Reto Para SoulsTRK xD
the balancing is not there. fun aside from that
:D
this sucks, serinox has the best part on this level,and is bad renderized, dislike
first:) recent
pass is: 842697 like if you are pro
Why is this medium demon? 23 atts.
____[._.]_____/\____
Pretty cool, sent :)
For the first coin you have to drop at 29%-30%
pain.
A journey's end - all normal levels completed.
like for daily!
coin 1 : its in the bottom blue bubble at 29%
Nivel bonito :)
where be 1st coin
like if you died at the very beginning :/
A very underrated level
Alexins podrias arriesgarte a crear un nivel demon, seria increible
imagine die at 95%
GG 1100 user coins :)
Lmao copy past
cool
chill gameplay
Demon 546 attempts
Esperando el rate
lvl top
Wish it could be more interesting, but still this is kinda sick.
Xender Game wants to know your location.
Ultra violence para pobres XD
im not good
yooo this level is sick! :D
why does that secret way after the drop exist ?
B~ B~ B~ B~ B~ B~ B~ Bruh B'
best 7 star level to ever exist, change my mind
Coin 3; get the mini-coin at 67% (in structure) then hit buttons 2, 4 and 5 to get the next mini-coin (1/2)
535, 538, 548, 542
ultra violence :D
-_-
omg! mini xender game what cute :3
why not epic?
bro
HAHAHA
Bruh
At last a level rated with this song 8)
im so happy, got #1 on the leaderboard with all 3 coins
I love it <3
Coin 1: Click al 0% Coin 2: Click al 6% (para entar en la plataforma de abajo) Coin 3: Click al 18%
Great vibes. Auto ball part is a bit buggy tho.
boa madrugada para vc q ainda tem um monte de coisa da escola para fazer
foda
as moedas estao entre o 0% - 20% :thumbsup: 
o cara ama bolakkkkk
1 coin: clica no 0% | 2 coin: clica no 6% pra ir dentro do bloco | 3 coin: clica na ultima caixa no 18%
Awesome atmosphere
good night
I love this level. Keep it up, you have a lot of potential!
Like if your name is not mohammad 
smooth
P0ki vc escondeu mt bem as moedas ! :|
I rly like the colors and designs, I wish it was slightly less empty tho
Bom Dia
qm dera pudesse ter boa noite, tenho q acorda as 6 da manha sempre agr :/
boa noite pra qm tem um cll q n da pra jogar essa fase
cara, ta lindo 
this is really cool :)
a comunidade Br decidiu se juntar aq? :v
I've never died so much at the beginning of a 5 star level in ages
Nice level, some effects can be a bit repetitive but visually it is fun, really good colors btw
HikexGOD
the password is 003939 like so everyone can see
Buen nivel, la cancion hace que sea divertidisimo y relajante, gracias por el nivel la pase bien
GG really cool level but the gameplay's kinda bad in some parts, it isn't consistent
Es que Hikex amo tu forma de hacer estructuras y rellenar el air deco :D
green orb ball bug :/
Hikex es grandioso con el glow ojala yo un dia sea asi!!
so gg.
great level, really fun and the lasers are awesome
Luminous White
.. sin palabras
I can see you've put a lot of work and dedication into this... Well Done, You Deserve It <3
dios mio que hermoso!
Noice. Flippin'. Job. I'm deeply impressed. Thanks, this was beautiful. GG. Much love from Finland!
GG! all coins, hermoso nivel bro
GG!! All Coins <3
14000 stars :)
Really cool!
We'll miss you bro, thanks for the amazing levels & for being a great community member
Was an honor to have you as a part of this community man
One of the most talented creators I've ever seen. Farewell my friend, thank you for everything...
Goodbye legend :')
Goodbye Dav, your impact that you had on the community will not be forgotten <3
1 like = i extra 0.1% chance this legend stays!
You were a huge inspiration to me bro. Love your levels, but love you more <3
Gracias por todo Dav
Best of luck on your future endeavors, Dav! Always a blast to see what you can accomplish :)
thank you for being a great inspiration to me, good luck in your future man!
I hope this is not a goodbye, but a see you later. <3
Goodbye old friend :)
)7
Best of luck in the future, Dav. You were an inspiration to many including myself. Farewell... <3
Leyenda.
You will always be cherished in all of our hearts. Thank you for doing what you did.. Godspeed <3
Te queremos dav :salute:
Farewell, my dear friend. <3
THANK YOU FOR HOW MUCH ENJOYMENT YOUVE GIVEN ME WITH THE CRAZY SERIES. I ENJOYED BEATING THEM ALL :)
Gracias, Dav.
Just give me 5 likes for top comment
colorful level , good work sent :)
Nice one, sent :)
like if you hate those "like if you" comments
coin at 66%, just jump, it's free
i love how colors and shapes looks! good job 
awesome!
like this comment if you like donuts :v
Fun and amazing colors! good work :)
color
Interesting!
fell out of the world
Grande gatopeligroso <3
=]
19 att and OMG WHAT LEVEL SO PRETTY!!
GG :D
good atmosphere, funny song and of course great gameplay 
bacan :|
hi
like this comment if you like pizza.
Gameplay's a little wonky but this is extremely creative :)
like if you came from nexus!! :3333 >w<
wow 1 att
pyrayzn wins
like if you came from nexus!! :3333 >w<
where is the beat
I really like this, neat idea and good execution :)
omg super hidden coin at 67%, have fun with it, i found it thanks to GKbasilio, credits for him
Fun Fact: Nobody cares if you came from Nexus..
oh my god i love that triple Ball this is a great level Worth playing and featuring
GG
Coin is in ufo part
like si vienes por nexus
omg coin route with 2 block spaces impossible!! >:(
you all did an amazing job on this, wouldn't be surprised if it got epic
password 159159
super creative! :)
pyravvn better than oyraynzn!
like if you came from nexus!! :3333 >w<
my favourite lvl of gd
Fun level, sent :)
Congregation
im not liking any of your comments because i dont like them
love the gameplay
Carrots good food
Endgame
<3
@Muffinisswag My modbadge is getting unpainted at this point, I need a new one
funne
@Scrapzz I gave an opportunity to a recent levels vid, then I have Digital whenever I beat it
why id be a good mod:
@Bokiii Daily chat is a mix of feelings. Sometimes its weird and in others I'm able to talk like now
Nah not recording, just chilling here. I have to edit but I'm currently bored and I can't sleep
Do you remember, the 21st night of September?
@Aersa Have you applied for mod? There is a form with questions for people who wants to try
below is pan
i am a pan
i feel respected when i get a like
i feel uncomfortable knowing theres an eight year old roaming around here
"but im 8" i would say to hold the phone but it would slip out of your mcdonalds grease hands
Like si eres de peru o de latinoamerica :v
habla pe pachacutec
QUE FUEEE XDDD!! GRACIAS ROBERTO JAJAJAJAJJAJ
me da risa que los ingleses no se dan cuenta del nombre XD
habla pe causa gaaa :v (like si eres peruano)
nivel peruano xd
Nice one, sent :)
La dayanita con la uchulu estarian orgullosos de ti
bacan!
dislike si odias a los peruanos
HABLA P CAUSA TU QUE VAS A SABER OE MONGOLITO
Homlam =)
Vas a caer chupetin
Like si eres peruano y like por el nivel peruano xd
Decent!
que dijiste de peru pe
viva latinoamerica 
en peru cachar es tener secso v:
GG peru
El Ultimo Like La Tiene Mas Grande!
Why this for weekly cmon Rob
is anyone happy for me that i beat deadlocked today..
i wanted CraZy III for weekly :( XD
cool but the difficulty spike in the last part is big
jah rule
first wave is so hard :(
Made out of dn
beautiful but kind of annoying jeez lol
PASSWORD: 91821
like and suscroivbe
bad level bad gamplay
like if u didnt play this yesterday
chock full of c
Unnecessary epic, inconsistent difficulty, shouldn't be weekly. :(
(Rebeat) GG! :)
another one
password is [ release date ]
Fun fact: VSC has been verified by Yossarian, with a fluke from 48. Like how
nice
ANOTHER ONE
Eso brad
super special thanks to crashyy, rnbw, audieovisual, and pyraven for playtesting!
really cool, wish the gameplay wasn't so sudden tho! :)
y las lenadoras en bikini?
cool
worlds hardest  6 star question mark question mark?
Coin 1: enter a gap to the ground at 53-54%. Coin 2: enter in the middle of the first pillar at 79%
not bad 
THANKS TO EVERYONE UH :D
like a featured, amazing! i will rate
OH MY GOD
yeah why is this 6 stars :skull:
pass is 091821 like please..?
nice easy demon
i cant see the ball part cause of overdecoration
brad gameplay
Eso brad xd
(changes name to brad101, comments: Hey! its me!)
I like how most of the featured levels nowadays have names that don't corrolate to the level at all
also thanks to cubicshadow, rnbw, RayZN, marrk, and Xiron for the inspiration and motivation.
terrible dual
this gameplay is atrocious
Horrible gameplay
bad gameplay
Garbage gameplay, as always, the deco is good but that's pretty much it
borderline insane difficulty tbh
I personally just find this level very unreadable and messy
first cube reminds me of some medium demons....
AAAAAAAAA
The gameplay sucks so bad
AAAAAAAAAAAAAA
this level is amazhing <3
De loreal paris
i died because of lag
Good level, sent :)
Shame the gameplay sucks cause this looks awesome.
DMC DeLorean?!?!? (Car from Back To The Future)
honestly such a vibe
this decoration is cool, but the gameplay is terrible
GP needs to be changed and level needs rebalancing. Plus, good criticism > hate. <3
THIS IS EPIC WORTHY :) , VERY FIRE MC!! <3
thats neat! very good color schemes :)
njir coeg
Gafen's part is easily my favorite. Other than that, everyone did a great on this! :)
Some of the areas could use some jump indications
yoooo
yoooooo epic rate lessgoo
gg on epic man
bruh there no way
njay epjc
Awesome!!
IT GOT EPIC
I really do love this song
uwooooiighhh epicc
Any reason why I'm dying at the auto part at 61%?
what even happened??????    someone explain
wadoo epic bgt
Getting teslawolf flashbacks lol
anjayyy epikk
Epic Momeeeent !!!!!!
Its insane how you can create this stuff
extremely laggy
1 like = 1 second without lags
I couldn't play the game because it frozen on my device :(
this level is lagging more than "HOW"
this level crashes my phone
1 like = 1 fps    also the percentage wtf
This is the first time that a minigame creator can make a level within weeks .
THIS IS IMPOSSIBLE ON MOBILE
this level crashed my device harder then week 7 crashed newgrounds
Like if you supposed to be doing homework right now
Good but not good for stargrinding
pizdec lagi blyat
lag detected.
Like if you are from mobile x2 :'(
Cool, and yes lag
i hate that every featured level goes over the block limit
gg(:
you can skip the whole level
cant play..
Congrats Epic, GG =)
Remove that "glitch effect off" and put "disable custom portals"
I got the funny number! Put the likes in the bag this is a stick up
Not bad!
im being lied to, the level name is mission 101 but the song is mission 01, unsubscribing
Mission impossible
Guys this is my last day on earth since i have Covid-19 so like my comment so others can see ;-;
801297
this is 8 stars max idk what to tell you
Thank you lol.
heybro
Platinum adventure is easier
damn dude, chill with the deco. cant see shit
Mission Succeded!
very annoying
so the password is 801297
Nice
yeeeesssss
mission completed + respect 
mission compplete
2.2 in 2.1
this is the true 2.2 sneak peek
Waiting for Planet B ;)
rotate
mods rate this 4 star epic
2.2 soon!! THIS IS EPIC!!!!
what in the 2.2 is this level i love it
#YunForTop1
lol i just played some levels in the recent tab.
1 attemp. nice 2.2 level
GG Es Como La 2.2 En La 2.1
Like if U came from PARTITION
Its not planet A... Its planet "G" lol
dont look at the top liked comments... I looked and only found 2 comments not talking about 2.2
2.2! :0
Who needs 2.2 when we have Yunhaseu?
everyone come from partition vid
this LITTERALLY proves earth is a G shape, check mate flat-earthers.
1att lvl good
i thought 2.2 diddnt come out yet
fly high leo
i love you
I really like this
I was really expecting the entire level to be just the balloon intro
I finished reading the bible before the intro. Cool level tho.
ah luv u
you the scariest person ive ever seen why do u write down to the MINUTE of ur completions wtfff
I am here before the feature/epic
balloon 
...who passed away
How did I sightread all of that and how is this 7*
this feels like a heavily nerfed demon
thats not a snowman
After this ending in this level.. my suicidal thoughts disappeared for a sec. thank you so much.
GG 100% =) 4 Attempts 18/9/2021 19:26
LMAOOOOOOO yall fr gonna gatekeep me from using a song I LIKE just because it has a long intro
the intro and outro are long but astonishing, so its still a 10/10 for me :) really good job ;)
that song name tho
awesome level design, but gameplay is pretty strange
bro just cuz i die in ur level doesnt mean im transphobic what lol
the id you gave me was wrong but i found it anyway, sent.
Ah lol another demon rated .__.
kakaya anya?
GG! :)
could've been more lively/varied overall, but decent stuff!
I am fine I am fine I am fine I am fine I am fine I am fine I am fine I am fine I am fine I am fine-
anya blyat KAKAYA NAHUI ANYA?
I SWEAR TO GOD EV ERY CLICK HAS A TIMIGNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
fu eto uroven' ot jenshiny
Anya II I  when? Like if you get the joke.
GG on stream
LETS GOOO 5 INSANE DEMONS GG!!!!!!!!!
wow, very kruto!
honenstly really repetitive and hard asf
the night theme was invented in 2007. people before 2007:
gameplay could be a little bit better but, i probably just suck lol really cool level though:) GJ!
Finally first insane demon after 3 weeks grinding and 4591 atts, love this level.GG!
ABOBA
GG Fluke from 85 I like some timings and dislike some others, and I hate wave spam with a passion
New hardest on mobile! flucked from 76%! 1,370 attempts gg :)
Petition for this to be a Daily/Weekly ______________________________>
Who said that this was a 9?
My best level and arguably my best gameplay. I hope you enjoy my masterpiece :)
Like if you wish you were this good at the editor
Im just gonna say this so nobody else can: WHOS HERE FROM NEXUS?!?!?!?!?!
slap squad out
wtf si this isnt it supposed to be a easy demon?? IVE SEEN EASY DEMONS WAY EASIER THAN THIS
Epic worthy 10/10
pass=122805
how in the hell is this level rated insane?!!!?!?!
To all the people who think this is a demon, lemme introduce u to what I like to call a skill issue
Visually one of my favorite levels of all time in all honestly! Its so vibrant and colorful :0
when you like kooltrixs music but the drops have the cringiest lines
AHHHH NO WAY THANKS SO MUCH FOR EPIC ROB!!!!!
remember kids, just cuz you can't do more than 5 demons, it doesn't mean that every insane is demon
sory but its a demon
this demon , not insane
NEXUS ADOPTAME
Oraangee when he sees Dream Flower - how is this epic, its just modern deco spam
@rekaSHADE Honestly I thought the music sync was pretty spot-on, which parts dont have good sync?
i think this should be 8* maybe
easily an 9 star, deserves epic, and i didn't expect the top 3 on this level lmao
Que conste que le pedi 8 estrellas xde
otra vez los comentarios son por la dificultad, ptm xdd
gg, nice level, i think 8* for this level is better
Pretty metal
gg makes me claustraphobic
who on earth actually thinks this technical of gameplay is legit 7 star???
this is a demon lol
Esta chingon la decoracion y el gameplay pero neta wey, esto no es harder 
This song is epic <3
remember when this would get rated as an easy demon?
that was hella fun but also chaotic xd
GG All Coins ;D
extremely hot level
temaso :3
El gameplay esta medio raro pero esta bien xd
Really Neat!! Colours are awesome, love the slight modern parts. gameplay is a bit unbalanced though
Por Dios, amo este nivelazo, de gameplay epico y, temazo epico. Bien hecho, man! =D
chaotic but not bad lol
Claim your "I got here before Nexus" tickets here.
Collect the lanterns in the first part to get past it!! :)
what if the real home was the friends we made along the way
im homeless
like for obama dislike for trump
This is beautiful, nice work!
091321 is the pass for people beating it who need pracice
very atmosheric, like it a lot!
cant see shit
WOOOOOOOO
Cute
Spider Man : Another Way Home
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
very well done
really good brother , amazing work ! Sent :)
I think I will just take the bus next time
this is what my grandparents say when they are from school going home
POV: You are liking comments
yessir! this is awesome, great work
Like for a free cheeseburger 
Something about this makes it feel slightly off-sync, but otherwise sick for your 1st modern attempt
Guys i requested this as an 8 stars level. dont be angry with me and the level but with robtop
Well polished, I like the pulses. Good job, sent
I love this, sent :)
wow kinda hard for a 6 star
Muy divertido
the arrows in the intro look like upside down pennises
Super wonky gameplay ._.
beautiful
G
Good stuff
Really sweet
epic
fun! ^.=.^
Good job
Es de los unicos creadores que no me ha hecho odiar mas el ufo de hecho fue divertido GG
AMAZING BROTHER !!!
great level from great person!
fluke 18 - 68 in 2 att
xd
not bad! wish if this level was more playtested and better optimized tho
There's a lot of skippable gameplay, but so far so good.
is that an mp5? :pog:
Good level, sent :)
i really liked it but next time fix the transition at 70% and the white part. 
my game's running on 90-130 fps average except for the first part.
Amazing variety! bur for the next time improvise your gameplay.
Add an Mega ULDM please im playing on a Nokia :/
This LDM is bad :(
Ayoo soo i will make a uldm options for potato pc and phone :)
transitions are ._.
Glow.exe has been launched
first
Optimize the GP, but fun level though!
SHEEESH SO GOOD
very good level its a rate
classe
gay gun
Wooo it looks pretty fresh)
cest vraiment propre go pour le epic
rick astley should open a bakery and it called rick rolls
This is really cool
This is amazing!
Nice :D
Pass: 130921 :)
Omg daily!
which is worse: mondays or bad gameplay?
Like this Comment With your Farts
holy crap this is EPIC
EL QUE ESTE LEYENDO ESTO ES UN CRACK
gameplay : 10/10. deco : 100/10
Some bugs fixed, tell me if you find another one:)
Minecraft and Fortnite have zero corralation i dont know why people say either is better
suicide doent end your pain, it passes on to someone else
how to be funny: dont be a daily chatter
The Second Feature  Worthly level ive seen in the recent tab :)
didn't know you before this level, pretty sick first impression of you as creator.
stop like begging like if you like beg
You Are Amazing !!!
snorting crushed smarties until im smarter than albert einstein day 1
Not bad, sent :)
Imagine ending at the drop
P O I  O   F R I T O
WHY IS THE WAVE TWERKING-
poi
OMG THX ROB and IDARIUSI
poi poi poi poi poi poi poi poi poi poi poi poi poi poi poi poi poi poi poi poi poi poi poi poi poi
fix spider stuff at like 45% ish
poi poi poi poi poi poi poi poi poi poi poi poi poi poi poi poi poi poi poi poi poi poi poi poi poi 
Nice level bro !
poi
El nivel esta increible :D
why is my cube at the start :trollinsane:
No, thank you.
GD IS AN AWESOME GAME
poi
p o i p o i  p o o i p i o po o i p o i p i o p p
Poiiii<3
GG bro for 8 cp's 0wo
porfin tiene rate gg
Where is the sync? :(
i think sync is broken due to no layout, i had some lags while building this
like u
A bit empty but it was pretty fun to play, sent for rate :)
Needs sync
Is a good level btw!
Very good for one day of building!
Beautiful level, excelent music <3!
1 att even got a coin! Really cool!
GG's. 1 Coin. Pleasure to play! =)
neat
bro getting 6 stars instead of 4 is awesome
secret way fixed !
obviously not my best lmao
there is a mistake (me)
get 6 stars boi
not bad, wish the level matched the intensity of the song and synced though
nice level
who r u
GG 100 000 ORBS! :D (Also amazing lvl just a bit hard to sight read)
i expected it to do something...
The ldm does do something, it turns the ldm on
it does nothing, thats something.
why do i think that this could get rated
theres a fly on my laptop screen help
if i beat this with ldm on, does that mean ive beaten it without ldm?
GG! 22.000 Coins! 23/09/2021 :)
15,000 stars GGGg!!!!!!!
I went inti the editor and found a troll face marked as high detail lol
Fun :)
So, LDM is just created in the game for nothing...
PunPun Forever
this jump sucks
GG
rate this >:(
the ldm actually does something, it delete the object that was marked as high detail 
Inside, there's a troll face well above the level's render distance that's marked as High Detail.
Thanks for the LDM! Really helpful!
he had me in the first half, not gonna lie.
like if you tried to play this level with ldm and without ldm
This is pretty cool ngl!
not bad, but it lacks in susbtance and overall energy
Like for epic                                                                              [here]
Why does this have the hardest beginning of any 4* level lol
Que buen trabajo,me encanta este nivel :D
me encanta el nivel! solamente te recomiendo mejorar el final, aun asi muy buen trabajo :)
Nice
Very good! :)
this is awesome! and it does not lack energy ZIRCONE
bug on start 
I love your levels :3
Que bonitooooooo <3
3 att gg
gg
happy  d a y   of    love and friendship
GG Fun :^)
neat
2 attempts, fun
GG
Fun level!)
Might as well give this 21 stars since yall cant decide between 9 and 10
""""""""""demon""""""""""
you know you're in for a free demon if htigerz made the gp
if this is a demon then sparksomega actually has good standards
mario kart type beat
if this gets demon i will commit violence
night sun
extremely demon
gg
Demon 2 stars.
big fan of this, love the gameplay and the great color combos :)
platanos con avena
i love $zne and gusearth
Fun level, GG! :)
Amazing level, GG! :)
FaZe Oasis
17 attempts. This feels like 9 stars in my opinion. #1365
GG! :) 6 Attenpts! 169,000 Stars! Very easy and fun level!
Fun level, great colours too :)
Platanos
Nice level :)
Fun level, sent :)
nucleus of a helium atom
GG! 35 attempts :)
really unbalanced... It feels like a Medium Demon and like a Harder at the same time, come on...
98% clan.
I FOUND THIS IN THE RECENT TAB WHAT THE HELL
GG 27 intentos.
ok, nice
Coin; green orb at 2% for first key. Second key is a transparent orb at 30%, miss the blue orb
last wave NEEDS to be nerfed for real. its such an annoying difficulty spike at the very end 
Fun level, GG! :)
GG! :)
demon #283, 166 attempts. pretty fun aside from a couple odd timings :)
129 Attempts w Coin! Gameplay definitely isn't the best in this one!
oh shit finally GG (9000 stars level)
ill be back tomorrow
98% was fun ngl
GG 129 attempts and 1600 demons! :D
lmao
IM SO HAPPY, TYSM EVERYONE!!!
This turned out so good, hopefully you can get your first cp :))
You improved the colors so well since the first preview :)
cool glow usage, but this is a bit too simple for my taste
Great colors :3
WHAT LOL
gg! :)
So happy for you, GG!!
Hmmm.. I think somethings wrong.. I didnt get stars when i completed this 
Silent...
GG! :)
Cool level :)
great colors. <3
good level
GG
gg 1 att
gg 2att
g
GG :D
Congratulations on your first rate man!
GG 20,000 stars
a level with THIS gameplay and decoration got featured, let that sink in
this shit unbalanced as hell :cry:
OK chillax gotdam
Fun :)
69th like
Nice
more medium levels need to be rated
its not that bad relax
it sounds like a skill issue :skull:
I really enjoy the level.
GG DUDE :D
LETS GO COSMICSS
gg
this gameplay is absolute dogwater no cap
nice level
JS&B anyone?
i was trying out this level when my mom was in my room
not feature worthy
gg
the song is strange
Very scary gameplay, a little surprised this only took 1 attempt
First Featured 22/09/21
quien mas viene por la publi en facebook
KK
Me encanto bro! Buen trabajo ^^
3. Overall its hard to predict 1st rates... I think this could be your first rate! :)
GG :O
1. Block design is very good and decoration is outstanding! Portal movement is eye grabbing! :)
Increible, hola desde facebook vi tu nivel!!! :D
Felicidades por el fead.
This has to be featured
NICE :)
good effect !!! rate 6 stars :)
very cool.
GG bro felicidades por tu nivel Featured :D esta muu bueno. :3
Bro that portal effect at the start is 100/10
Exelente brooooo...Felicidades por tu primer feature
2. Backround is a little empty though I feel like there could be more! :)
Ok few things!
wtf the comet is neon
epic jumpscare
Suffers from typical megacollab syndrome. Parts are individually good, but not cohesive all together
14,000 stars GG!
Robtop ate too much chicken
Pretty nice
Cool. Maybe too easy for 8*
imagine making a gd ripoff called "algebra dash"
people who pronounce gif as "jif" being sent directly to hell after meeting God at the pearly gates and calling him "Jod"
why reupload :(
because yes
hypixel skyblock players when you dont have level XXKSNDSL in fartbending
guys free juice boxes help yourself --> [ /] [ /] [ /] [ /] [ /] [ /] [ /]
Fortnite sux  so does tiktok  now where are my likes
0 like comments should have a grey fist instead of a normal like
Creo- I sexually harassed 28 children (instrumental remix)
minecraft players when their diamond netherite epic xd III armor falls off in lava
eating at school restaurant, its disgusting af
hi people :)) my second daily and first epic omg
Best and Most used song on gd: Geometry Dash Theme Menu
Geometry Dash is a christian game, its about beating demons.
I FOUND THIS IS THE RECENT TAB WHAT THE HELL
no gd is about astronomy you collect stars
Did you guys go out and exercise while servers were down?
here come the daily chatters and their unfunny comments again
I hate comments that are like "Like for a free cookie" and they get top comment somehow
Guys wanna hear a funny joke? Well your in the wrong place
Hey mods wanna call
Awesome designs and effects!
ddos, trying to handle. PS I am reading all your server burns, how dare you
Hey youre finally awake
shut up mods
Heat as always, great job!
Muchos mods hispanos seguro que andan en llamada sin mi sad
cool designs
mod: posts stupid comment Everyone: I lIkE tHaT.
a
me: wanna hear a dad joke? friend: sure! me: *says nothing* (the joke is there is no dad)
the roof of my mouth is black
@KingTony I do not see you D:
so beautiful
help a sammaxx level has been released and i cant find the lotion
It's really beautiful! I like <3
I did not expect this at all. Thank you so much for rating this level! <3
GG 7700 STARS and MY Twitch :D
Wow, Cool gameplay and desing perfect
i just fell in love with this one -u-
beautiful as always <3
YOOO THIS IS SO BEAUTIFULL AAA THAT GLOW IS JUST EPIC! <3
over here stargrinders
Youre one of my favorite creators rn
what a banger holy shit
Awsome Level. Different from your usual Slow pace levels.
i love how good you are with blending, it really adds atmosphere that very few have mastered, gj :)
i love everything about this level
epic please?
quite beautiful atmosphere :')
Youre literally the overlay god
Epic sam! <3
does sammaxx know what a mobile device is?
This feels, plays and looks like it was made by Hinds. Shockingly well done.
Very fun level, sent :)
such a sick level :fire:
cool level, i'm not sure how i feel about the only fakes in the level being at the beginning and end
GG 5 attempts and 1k stars! My cube is back <3
classic hinds
PW: 130203
beaten in 32 attempts 
48 attempts. #1383
Gg! Demon #475 :) Fluke 43% - 100% {82 att} Fun Demon! =3
really good level edo !
GG edooox mod when Rob?
fun level, 50 attempts
Really nice re-creation of Hinds' style, you are definitely improving :)
Really cool!
gg 142 atts, I can't believe I fluked this from 51%, my bpm was pretty much like 150+
has hinds trapped you in his basement? epic job
GG Great!
Very Fun!
Demon #52, 37 attempts GG!
isnt this bought from fiverr lol
imagine paying for people to make you levels. thats so unethical smh. this game is for fun not fame.
Pretty nice, but I really wish there was more movements
bro pass i literally got the fiverr page pulled up; youve been buying from dimcikaa
I have zero respect for people who pay others for fame
no point in hiding it now
nice level, a shame you didnt do it completely and even paid somebody to do it... what a shame
Some people found evidence of being bought on fiverr 
GG, 1 attemp..
This should get epic if it wasnt bought :(
this will catch up to you 
what...
damn. i wouldnt have liked this if i'd read the top 2 comments before playing
actually really liked this nice level
*dislikes cus creator isnt creator* *ads level to favorite level folder*
never gonna make you cry never gonna say goodbye
nice... 9 fps
here before epic rate ==>
Cool background
why no epic?...
dude, this stunningly '-'
nice level ;)
here before feature
Akvaz, I like your new design. Looking better than modernistic and RobTop's. Nice!
)
GG 22k stars! :D
awesome colors
sweet
this level is simple but its good
i love it!
rob i would like to go to bed at some point please rate somethjing
coool
nice level with fun gameplay :)
good
I'm shvidkist blyat'
Beautiful
upload it
200th level completed :D
rated when?
:fire:
only worth star rate but watch Rob epic this
LOVE THIS! and nice choise of music! (srry for my english)
Bad
en mi humilde opinion no merecia rate  
why is this featured
how is this featured
if u say 1attemps 3 coins i kick your ass
gg 4851 stars, quite hard for 3 stars if you ask me
since when did Robtop start rating ship challenges?
Weird..
Coin is at 15%, fall down onto the platform between the green orbs. ;)
"slide" 
Classic :)
Nerfed it a bit back to how it used to be basically
this is one of the worst featured levels of all time
for context, this used to be something else but dubbayoo gave me the old rated lvl back, i gave him the lvl that got rated
This isn't even rate worthy...
PERO HIJO DE PUTA NO ME PONGAS ESO EN UN NORMAL 3
kinda hard for a 3 star rob..
viprin classic
nice but a bit bad gameplay
oki oki, hopefully i fixed the secret way
Cool execution
I like how when you die, sky music stops
GG! 16 attempts :)
75k stars & 1100 demons, gg! :)
GG! :)
gp is a bit unpolished but overall nice level :)
not fan at gp but still cool lvl
GG! :)
Banger level! Really fun and well decorated, excited to see what else you create! :D
awesome work tag <3 so proud of you. Also thanks for putting my name in the level <3
aight, fixed that annoying timing at 76%
GG 74attempts with coin! Good decorations and the gameplay is alright! :)
GG
woohoo
fun
feels like a party in the sky, i really like this :)
fluke from 40
G- very cool
._. UNBALANCED
i'm gay
nice but super unbalanced
bHjflBrhObvgrHu is such a good level. i would play bhjflBrhObvgrHu any day of the week.
Sweet!
the title is recent tab in a nutshell
"hold on lemme get my blind friend to name this level"
GG! :)
imagine saying "bHjflBrhObvgrHu is my hardest demon"
very epic
Love it
i love the wave part
cool
some foreground objects look super similar to rust though, should definitely work on that
if this stays hard demon, its actually going to be the easiest hard demon like bro this is medium
172 attempts. #1368
zodacx had backstory with the name now im going to harass him!!! LOL!!!
in the wave the arrows on the actual paths are a bit brighter so that might help
Ayo what I just wake up to this now? Thanks everyone for the support! :)
2,3,1,2,2,1,2,3,1,2,3,3,2,2 "Wave" Memory :D
neat! i wish it were longer tho still clean and cool
fluked the whole level after the seconds cube jump
GG Unbalanced Demon #1938 - 89 attempts
thanks, i hate it
gg super easy demon! 6 attempts :D
gooood
cool level overall, just wish more color variety was used
a bit simple but honestly deserves a rate the movements and colors are very well done
so much fun
GG 80 attempts, beginning is a lot harder than the rest.
GG! 10 attempts, pretty interesting GP :)
PASSWORD: 272829
Demon #1069! super fun :) Gg!
had lots of fun especially at 60% plus! try using darker pulses because i want to see the details :)
GG My 90th demon :D
XD
GG :) 
fluke from 10% lmfao
GG! 166 Attempts!
Loved playing this. Amazing for the song choice alone :D GG
LDM pls
the darkmode and city part is so laggy, you should optimize this parts
pls more first cp
THIS IS AMAZING. AND UNDERATED
Nice
this background has a good level
cool
super laggy
my lag is so mobile
where is the epic
Poet strashnaya baba. STRASCHNO!!!!!
2 atts)
why does this only have 63 likes this is awesome
really good level, but i just wanna know what the name means. gg
when u let ur 5 years old cousin name ur level
exceso de lag, se traba mucho en telefono aunque ponga low detail
:)
very nice :)
GG!!!
Lags :(
hi jeff
robtop moment
GG! 195 att. Really good gameplay, but the end sucks
ngfnHahhhhtwsrj
84 attempts (+ 1 coin). #1378
oh no i didn't say hi to jeff...
wake up babe new demon with the song gaycore
I'm dizzy!!! Gameplay is confusing, but the deco and background is original. Hope to be rated soon!
this is so fun
GG! 13 attempts :)
wtf is song name? gay core?
LET'S GO!!! BEAT IN 1 DAY FRIST HARD DEMON.also, Hi Jeff! :>
Fun level, GG! :)
Hi Jeff!
GG! :)
hi to jeff or else he will get sad
Hi Jeff. Greetings from Romania
Hi Jeff
happycore (2008)
Bad secret way :(
This level is too hard for daily. So lets make it daily. Enjoy
I will rate demons right after DN
Really Fun
First send :)
robtop i love you
is my birthday today as a present give me 4 likes thanks whatever bye im tired
My name isnt josh but this is good.
really fun, but its by you so its bad, smh my head
Joshua my beloved
forgot how good this song is
don't let justjohn near your kids
fun af
Why is @RobTop mod when he owns the whole game
POV: Youre playing Bausha Vortex on a 360hz monitor
everyone dm bizaare: wave is the best gamemode
when rate
pettition to make this level a 10 star. 100 likes->
perfect 9* a fun lil challenge 
"Like if your on mobile."
i hate the person who comment banned me  i hate them!
Standoff 2?
tiktok takoe zhe govno, kak i srendoff
standoff krytaia igra
Neat!
CS:GO MY LIFE!!! T-T
if anyone talks about tiktok im gonna kick the bucket
clash royale
This. deserves. FEATURE.
vsem privet, lvl top 
Turn on shake: Me: no, I don't think I will.
Next level: PUBG
TT/\OXOE HA3BAHUE...
CS:GO
This is cool, but you should make a better LDM, i don't like the overuse of too much glow, cool dude
Pretty cool mans!
14.7k stars, played in dedication of your broken screen
gg
this is a masterpiece and may even be better than ultra violence (my faivoret level by the way)proud
the russian kids are screaming rn because they think the name is a reference to their fav game
brawl stars
Demon.
Ok another 2 CP :)
nice colors!
when you are on 144hz :trollface:
Despite the simplicity, the level is decent, sent to mods :)
gg with a coin :)
Feature this masterpiece
the ground spikes are simple this level sucks i hate it boooooo
Thanks for 20 cp!!!
@zircone i do that normally, but opta's style has it separated throughout structures so i did it too
I'd love to see you implement your colors throughout, rather than separated in structures
GG's.
quite fun and original!
like if there should be a auto gauntlet
super charming. invisible gp blocks are sorta lame but overall this rocks
loved it, every bit of the level is amazing, i would send for feature ;)
pass is 210731, amazing as always!
You a blast at creating! :)
here before featured
is the song name talking about me
ok lol rated 5 minutes after i sent
Nice
lemon demon
Nice style
fun fact : there's an another version of this level that also has been rated earlier
COIN: Go up at 78%/79%
thanks for your (not) feedback, davoboss
Dice DONT TAP, y q hago? pues le doy click ._.
how many remakes/sequels does this level need lmao
ay 500 likes thanks guys
Cool!
6.5K stars! GG!
wasnt me i swear
this level get rate
Only the person that made the level can do that ..
rate pls
I see a future EPIC! Masterpiece! GwG)))
Level
Nice
The password is 159753, Good luck! :)
This is so epic
Like if you are here before feature                                                          here ->
cosita hermosa cosita bien hecha
E A S Y  D E M O N
this is totally a easy demon
like if you think this level should be easy demon
i think easy demon agree?
love the environments
EASY DEMON
why the background is so cool? :D
Cool whale :D
not that bad!
clean work always needs clean place on features
What did the flower say to the mushroom?   You are a fun guy!  Get it! But I like this level!  :)
Is a easy demon
G G
playing on mobile be like
easy demon...
one of the funest levels iv found in a while
EPPIC!
CONGRATS ON YOUR FIRST CP!!!!
I played the original one, the gameplay changes made the level a lot better.
Nice level!
ah nah dubbalt!!!!!!
hi hikex
Hi Dennys :D
deco is amazong but gp is v buggy
this is really buggy and unbalanced
DUBBA GOT FIRST CP X2 LMFAOOOOO
gg on your frist cow points :)1)
Cool.io :)
LMAO DUB
GG! Free coins :)
nice:)
14k
So fun gameplay and awesome decor!
mfw
cool
love deco, the flow of the gameplay and song GG
epic!!
The gameplay looks really similar to Memorium by Adiale, but nice designs!
No se como supe que habia una coin en el final pero GG 3 coins xD
PASS: 072321
unfun level because of all the bugs, also nice 144hz bug at 78%, this level is an insult to Adiale's GP
too many bugs to still play (i like the idea of invisible breakable blocks that brakes to the beat)
GG!! Bad Gameplay
GG!!
Pretty nice! Deserved feature gg! :)
really pretty looking. nice job :)
something about this gameplay makes me hate it
2000 user coins :) gg
this is a little too similar to memorium by adiale in parts but not bad
esta muh "XD"
so fun!!
The last coin is in the GG! ;)
looks like adiale
pretty nice
You have talent, I hope your level is rated and becomes the daily level
fun gameplay, cool colours, great level all round
;-;
pretend im popular and like this comment
We re no strangers to love
LDM makes the lvl super ugly, i think it can run in any device even though its my 1st +40k obj lvl
awesome but please dont use scalehacked glow next time :c
122 attempts (+ 1 coin). #1377
thx for the support! <3
thank you for the support, i used this song and colors bcs i absolutely love them! ly guys
9Mil Users Coins! GG 1 Coin! 71 Attempts! Demon 1016!
hard demon are so unbalanced
the flow of this level is absolutely great. loving the level overall
GG! 24 attempts :)
:D
i killed the vibe way too many times :(
GAMEPLAY, DECO & COLORS ARE AMAZIIIING !!!! GG :)
i fkn miss clicked esc ;-;
Your best and most fun demon in my opinion :] GG hope it gets epic
D'oh >_<
GG Great 8)
GG! :)
super fun!
i told my mom to say racecar backwards and she said car race
GGs dude
Every level that says "practice first" is 1 attemptable
reupload moment
amazing
took longer than I would want to admit but this was frustratingly fun, sick gameplay man
nampac = pacman = capman = mancap = mantop = manbod :P
i wouldnt have related this to nampac if it werent for the name. good stylization :)
pretty fun
gg 3 Coins! Top 5!
this is so fun, and same goes for the coins :)
Nice, Good Level :)
GG! :)
incredible coins, perfect examples of different coin styles
1st att i suck lol
Awesome!
Challenged
GG!
chuj  ci na leb
!!n!!
Very nice, medium demon for me, some pretty rough timings, but fun overall. GG :)
this gameplay isnt fun at all is so inconsistent
Not a fan of the random timings, but this has some very nice colors :)
Amazing gameplay :D
bad gameplay
do not play this shit
This is Insane Demon because of the timings of the last cube part
GG! 12 attempts :)
nice
bad gameplay
Horrible
Not going to finish this because this guy can't make cube gameplay at all, this is pure garbage
final part=bad
bad gameplay and i think its a medium demon
annoying ending
Not an easy demon.
GG! :)
im not doin it 2x96 is enough that end sucks af that's so much unbalanced compare to the rest
that was not fun:/
unbalanced trash level
The second half of the level really just went "hold my beer"
very dinamic, i like :)
Really Cute!
please fix your 3D, the structures on the top and bottom are facing opposite of each other :)
Love the second half
password = I don't know
Epic fue un honor decorar y ver como el nivel obtuvo featured, felicidades dessire!:}
best 6 star level i have ever seen (only though i got 46%)
xd
Oh Yess
The gameplay in this part is garbage
I really like the effects! well done
owo
ya le mandaron el nivel a 2kb asi que no puedo mandarselo :'v
there is a hidden road on the mini ship part pliz fix it I like this level so much
h
GG! :D
The deco looks really clean also the gameplay is fun but that transition is bad
GG! :D
Nice effects :)
like if u are here before rate
Claim your "Here before rated" ticket here ---->
1 Like = 1 hacker banned
Lol 4 * RobTop
2nd coin: Don't touch the 14% green orb
kind of unlike your usual levels. its good that you dont have a certain level style. GG!
it would be fantastic if a korean creator surpasses viprin
Claim your "Here before RobTop rates" ticket -------------------------> (Press Here)
like if you were here before this level got rated
i'm here before rate, and u?
i got top comment
You improved, nice.
Claim your here before featured ticket here - - - - - - - - - - - >
1 coin - 5% on top, 2 coin - 15% jump between two green orbs, 3 coin - 74% on top
LikE If thIs neEd to GEt RateD
9200 stars!!! 02.11.2021
But how does this beautiful level have no rate?
This level i incredible. This need stars.
came from kjackpot
Rated at last! Lets go! :D
Awesome
Bad GP
Cool level, sent :)
yeah, definitely annoying for a 6 star level
bro i couldn't see it was too bright wtf
Who else thinks that this should be an epic?
My Ball Is Ying Yang
this is epic
Nice
bug,      esta bueno el lvl 8)
Really Good
COINS: 1-Up at 19% 2-Down at 78% (there's a black orb to get down there) 3-Hold at the end
really i died in 69% this is no funny
lol its cool ^_^
GG!... Nice music, I find something very nostalgic and calming in the voice of the beginning.
Like If ur Bere before rate
85% WTF, Cant see anything
yep , one of the worst transitions i've seen so far
effects are nice while block designs are glow spam
this shouldnt be epic 
this is one of the buggiest demons i've ever played
Discord notification be like:
mrbest: make good unbuggy gp for 10000000$   chander:
amogus
when it made the First DU DU it sounded like a discord notifacation
i thought i got a discord notification turns out it was the lvl :'(
Melhore a sua gameplay e principalmente as transitions
GG! :)
GG! 12 attempts :)
not fun because of the bugs
i love green orb bug
that death effect is looking awfully sus
this levels doesnt work 
56 attempts. #1391
death effect almost made me to dislike the level. keep that game off clean gd server space.
GG 19 attempts! :D
last spike :(
ibigay mo na CP nya Robert!!!
gg 53 att
GG Finally After 4 or 5 fails at 95%. 50000 Stars & 550 Demons.
gameplay needs some work but visuals are cool
The atmosphere is really cool! :D
this feels like u made a 7* and buffed the f outta it for the sake of having a demon lol. looks cool
i am inspiration
thanks to blochyy for being an inspiration and thanks vonic for playtesting it! :)
honestly looks quite nice, but the gameplay needs more work overall
Fun level, sent :)
this feels like a buffed 5 star
nerfed it a bit lol
Pass: 555555 Like so more people can see it
pass is 555555
they rated nemsy demon
The Daily's creator has made a weekly
im calling weekly demon
GG! :)
gg should be medium demon
my apologies if the gameplay isn't the best, i'll try to improve my demon gp in future levels! :)
when nemsy wants weekly
68 attempts (+ 3 coins). #1425
dmeon
Gets a bit empty at times but there are some neat effects in this :) Good work!
c o l l a b      w i t h      Z t r a t o r Z      n o w
demon
Cool! :)
Ztratoz should win the lottery
Very nice! Start feels like b e p i s, drop feels like Superlunary, end reminds me of Trippy Trip.
there was a time when i didnt know how to make the drop effect and i thought ztr was a masking god
stellar
really cool i love
cool effects, design, colors and atmosphere! : )
gg 5 attempts
GG's. Very well made! I loved the execution of the simplicity! <3
AYOOO
I litteraly cant see anything.
Le the
GG! :)
really like this level
Wow fluke from 22% xd, GG :)
Cool!
idk how i 1 attempt this
more gay levels please
who tf cares if i used copy and paste, its a tool robtop put in the game for a reason
copypaste gets hated way too much man
i simp for crispy
u have the best weird names for levels n
Can we all just take a moment to appreciate those 3d spinning things in the background
fun fact: there is rainbow color in around 80% of the currently featured levels
for the record thats a compliment
and what I mean is, copy paste can be very useful, but its easy to make a level look lazy w/ overuse
super cool + rainbow
this is the most annoying level i have ever played, im not saying its not good but theres many bugs
THOSE HOW EFFECTS IN THE BG ARE SO COOL
these edibles aint shi-
shit
nah i changed my mind your username is epic and cool
i question how this was featured
level sucks
why all 2.1 levels have a so trash ldm?
think you're missing the point, difference between use and abuse w/ copy pasting. level is meh :/
CROC TOP 10 LETS GO
What's gYnter you ask? GYNTER MY BALLS
Gameplay is kinda fun and i like the ideas you've got for the theme, execution kinda falls flat tho
found in recent lol
Great, quality as always! Epic or feature
PAS DEL NIVEL 20069
Very fun level, GG! :)
pov: you didnt actually hack but failed the jump
Not bad :)
beaten 4 months ago, noice
GG! 7 attempts :)
730 demons
neat :o
rate
Probably closer to 9 stars but definitely tricky! Love the theming as well, not bad :D
GG! 4 attempts
pretty decent
GG
pov: you are hacking
Ooo, cool level, helping to the gd economy of levels now, hope got rate
amazing :)
GG nice level! :D
Cool :)
GG! 1 Attempt & 27.6k stars :D
fun
It would have been perfect with a few more details
I sent it to Gormuck
Dear precious @IKaira keeps on delivering... Much love given. Thanks for this beauty, dear @IKaira!
GG! Nice! :D
Kaira do be pomping out levels doe x) Really nice! ^^
cool theme :D
Sent by AdvyStyles.
you are improved gameplay, deserves feature!
nice
Epicoooo aaa
GGGGGGGGGG
remember when this wasnt rated?
ME ENCANTAAAAAAAA
28,000 Stars, thank you :)
Not bad | Sent to Logon.
Pretty cool, sent :)
Remarkable
Interesting auto!!
Fun facts about this level: The only colors used were red, green and blue. and there are 420 groups.
I love this, hope that will get epic !
one of the few levels i have willingly gone back just to replay. awesome work!!!
This level demands a feature
very creative
Awesome :O
Cool BEANS fella.
If you spam at the end, the speaker and sign will fall down
funny my power just went out!
awesome concept, well done!
This is so good! Sent :)
this level is literally me when I got no internet
This is pretty neat :)
:o
gaming
Like if you didnt get any coins
2 coins i hate dinosaur
really cool :o
Wow, you have tons of potential! The gameplay could be better, but the ideas and designs go nuts!
Yo this is hella fire! :>
Also FYI, the first pink orb timing is bugged on 144hz, you might want to look into that
you did an awesome job making this! :3
Very creative and nice job on the update. Sent :)
I never thought I needed modern core but this is fire
Sweet! :D
Crazen Chargers
I really like the theme and colors in this level, they are very unique. Nice work!
woah
46 attempts, definitely easy demon
Really awesome designs and colors, wish it was a bit more fun to play though
36 attempts. #1408
pretty cool, but the 2nd half is kinda static and messy imo, still a neat level tho :)
GG! :) 70 Attempts! Very fun level!
just remembered this isnt rated and i am fuming
I adore this style, great work :o
GG,108 att
GG! :)
37 attempts fluke from 72 GG!
Dummies cant do memory why are you advertising this to dummies
if your homeless, then just buy a house... duh
nice!
I like this, nice job!
A few parts could have been more refined, but I respect the effort and creativity! GG! :)
Good levele
epic insane-extreme demon
I forgot what I was going to say
OH MY GOD
Nice work
actually a banger
this level is bullying my intellect :(
very cool
Very clean
I'm not dummy. :(
press alt + F4 for secret way                    hehe
;-;
interesting
wake up babe sightless sandstorm was rated
this is really damn cool :O
@Arb ego
the worse shock therapy
shock therapy but easy demon
brooo this is very cool, i love the gameplay
Letizia sei una mongoloide!
Isn't Shock Therapy an extreme demon?
Looks cool:)
bootleg diffuse but fun gp, star rate sent
2 ATTEMPTS. FLUKE FROM 2%. #1438
sent :)
This level is so fun to play. The gameplay is very good.
Pass:130203  Like ;)
Review on my channel soon
2 attempts zipi and kr1t are both bad
gg! fluked from 8%, 3 attempts :)
Looks great! :)
why
arb
gg :)
epic?
First to play this masterpiece
if this gets 5 likes i will eat my christmas tree
this coin placement is awful
this need ldm
Woah, amazing!
i like this style
ultra kruto
feature worthy lvl :)
epik!
I love you!:')
2% Only jump, trust me ;)
its beatiful
noooo
real
:^)
very cool deco, and the dual is actually sightreadable!!!
Amazing
GG!
Banging stuff!
This level need LDM, but is a nice level ;)
Looks neat but the gameplay is so unreadable
Legendary Gameplay
This level is prettier than my girlfriend... (sorry Kate)
this is fixed by off custom orb ,if you want 
Good atmosphere!
two man made gameplay and i made deco
9.20 am
I do love the atmosphere and decos, but it would be better if it has more readable gameplay.
GG! 43 att. Garbage gameplay, don't ever decorate a layout of them again, jump indicators exist btw.
some uptade
this is so bad wtf
This level is the perfect example. Gameplay is more important than decoration.
Amazing decorations, but the gameplay is very confusing, mainly because of the custom portals.
theres a reason why this level only has 7 victors
Finally rated after a year :)
can you make this more unreadable thanks
I like the setting, but I would recommend you improvise the gameplay more because it is confusing.
The gameplay could be better, anyway, great level :)
Thank god there's an option to turn off custom orbs because this is very unsightreadable!
Really neat
nice :)
One time Marrk wrote a fan fic about me losing my virginity
gl for epic rate ngl
cool, I like the gameplay
ROBTOP GET UR LAZY ASS HERE AND RATE THIS
Fab!
pretty fun c: some parts are  bit empty but anyway great job on this one!
WHY IS THIS RATED LOL
Pretty solid! ^^
end seemed a bit lazy, and some structures were a tad bland, but overall, not bad :)
Last part seems quite rushed, on the other hand, pretty fun level ngl
Optical would be proud
Very Awesome #TeamPhilippines
epic
thank for 200 like!!!1!1!1! omg mom im famos
song isnt allowed for use
really cool level :)
why not featured?
Wow
idk why this is not featured
you should experiment more imo, its not bad but its nothing interesting :(
I thought that is spike. -Bongotition-
i do love some M & Mlem's
like if you came here from bongotition not partition :)
All coins and password on me youtub heejh, coins tricky af
partition sent this level to robtop but he didnt rate it :(
Pass: 696969 WHER THE F ARE MY LIKES?!
e
Sick
wait wut
Whos Here From Partition?
bongotition
WhoS heR fROM BonGOtItION???!?!??!
rob where feature?
rate this or i eat my fridge
bongotition
nice
yo why isn't it rated
No rate?
Gg (NoOoBtTiOn)
THIS LEVEL WAS STOLEN FROM A CREATOR CALLED XZTHEMAN!!! REPORT KAAOOAOAIWIUSHSHS
I wish the gameplay was better
Designs are too repetitive :/
I feel like it's a bit too repetitive, and the gameplay was really wacky.
3 mods and Quacc below me
Wish it was a little less repetitive but still beautiful
3 mods below me
The designs could have been less repetitive imo
3 mods, 1 fool and 2 ducks below me
oop
3 mods, 1 fool and a duck below me
idk how a group of somewhat good gp creators worked together to make this but whatever lol
OKAYE!
ayy
GG! Gameplay is probably good. Just playtest it better and dont make the screen 50% visible
BIZAARE ARE YOU JESUS OR SOMETHING
you're welcome
gg
lmao
cool
Fun!
Wayyy too much glow usage, and colors could be improved. gameplay is okay :)
GLOW GLOW GLOW, OLOCO
that glow hurts, my poor eyes, the rest isn't bad but lower the opacity of the glow/less pulses
looks nice!, but too much glow is kinda annoying ono
wow, i love this!! so colorful and fun to play! great work <3
woo amazing! :D
awesome
eeeeeeeeeeeeeeee first
this is amazing
cool
cade o feat porran
the level name is what your mom is
oloc
Lol me gusta el level...
don't bruh me, its not my fault the transition is bad lmao
vamos jogar um frifas.
Nice level,Sent to mods <3 i love the song,less glow xd
Pretty fun
Neat!
legendary
Very amazing colors! Overall very cool level.
sorry but its minimum easy demon)
i like bread
It is really good. I like the vibes but the design is too solid in my opinion. Try to blend more.
8 stars??? this is at least an easy demon
down
anyone who says they did this 1 att is lying
this is harder than like half the easy demons in this game lmao
should be rated demon
cool deco also bread
i don't know why this got rated honestly. Thanks you i guess!!
nice but I think it should be demon
Great level ^^
bruh
it's only hard cause theres this gamble bug, it's like you get flinged or not
Love the level:)Make sure to make the background blemd with the theme of the music.
bruh
why did you request this for 7 stars, this is way harder and you know it.
Featured level in 2 days
Daily worthy? Like = yes, Dislike = I dont care, Nothing = no
Daily vote failed. Many likes for yes, some dislikes for not care. Millions of players ignored = no
Perfect use example for song trigger in 2.2. Keep song start, but skip the silent part of the song 
Hey nice job :)
wow, showing this to a mod :3//
Old rate :D thanks rob!!!
and why isnt this featured?
 secret way ;-;
Feature !!!! <3
omg!!! ;3; feature worthy and its so perfect!!
heyyy thats pretty good
this is why there has to be MORE and MORE mods, so more creators like you would be noticed
well done!! :P Blazeflamer shouted you out xD. Friends?
secret way lol
YAY STAR WARS MUSIC
Rob give arcturus daily
*sad face* secret way is troll
Wow! Very nice ;) Like
secret way in ufo
slope bug
This caught one me off-guard xD Sorry for the dated gameplay (1.9, 2.0 coins) and hope you enjoy :)
Made in 1.9?
Very fun level, sent for epic :)
What's the pass? AWESOME LVL M8
A time machine back to 1.9 when he made it!
this level is so good, sent for epic
Fun fact: Spell taco cat backwards and you get taco cat.
THE WAVE. 0.o
like this post if u love god
(V2: Fixed incorrectly working coin route after 6 years of going unnoticed :P)
Have you accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and savior???
cool :D
i hate CHILDREN.
oh frick i'm timed out from liking comments
Hope it get rate soon after 6 years :) Send to mods.
do more old rated PLS
i need likes. plz
scorpious bro you just googled "best insults" and that came up, do better
like if you hate free fire
Password:2917
awesome level, i loves the block and color usage :) the gameplay was also fun as well. gl on feature
really cool level
Really good level :)
1 att!!! GG :D
holy, u got so slick with this style, im low key jealous. hope u win the cc!
GG, 386 att, on mobile
GG pretty fun :)
gg !
nice
;-;
Really cool :)
It was the best level i played in the day. :)
1 attempt.
most liked comment 6 likes lol
GG Finally.
good level keep it up
wave is hard!
@kielhgt 100% a skill issue
:)
this lvl is for trolling me nvm not playing it
you really did..
thanks rob :)
very chill and nice level. i like it.
not so bruh momemt
Fun level, I think it should be 8 stars though, maybe 7 at least
gd
I'm kinda glad I died here cause I get to replay this beautiful level :)
GG 97%x2
Gg top45 :-D
x2
20 Att
this isnt that hard
I like this :)
(2/2)
The ball part killed me at 97% many times. Very inconsistent.
coin moment
Very annoying gameplay, but interesing coin
bruh moment
thanks
You didnt...
your best for sure! Reported
Your best level yet! I hate it!
your best level yet! sent for star rate
awesome and fun <3
Enjoyed playing it!
Very fun level ! <3
new hardest
This is beautiful, 3/10
Man, that brought me back. Super fun, nostalgic deco. Unironically might be one of my faves
omg gus rate
WAS THAT THE BITE OF 87?!
1 attempt in practice, 1 in normal, fun level
kuuuul
Nice
omg freddy fazbear real
gurseath
nevermind this is a banger
Markiplier.
your best level made! sent to Gusearth
GG!
Coins: 1. 28%-30% just click the first orb 2. Theres a hidden orb at 43% 3. At 90% the last jump ;)
3000 user coins gggggg :D
Why is this guy called bread spread x)  
cool :)
Dein name ist legendaer
Awesome
AMAZING LEVEL! keep up the great work ^^
Pretty level :D
Nice
gg
NIIIICE!!!!
Very Relaxing
:v
great song :)
ubel nices level diggi mach weiter so
gg on 6 cps!
Like if you love lofi songs :)
for eight hours this looks awesome good work :)
8 att gg
wow, great progression
Not bad, sent
23k stars! GG! :)
gg secret way at 51% :)
Would love to see something a bit more innovative, still pretty neat!
gg sec way
ala un secret way
gg secret way
GG secret way thx @FramedPower
secret way
2 attemps with secret way
gg sw
GG!
gg 11 attemps
:)
GG! secret way at 51%, jump early and dont hit the pink orb :) 2 coins
Awkward GP. GG
G
the last part is really sick, I like this level :)
gg me costo un poco pero ta bien.
a
ceru i dont think many 5 stars have timings nor double tap orbs
why is my 5* level rated demon
nice 5 star you got there
Stars Requested: 5
ceru probably calls arcturus a 2* star
Why was this sent for 5 stars? This is no more than a 2 star smh
ceru are you not ok in the head how is this 5 stars
whats 9 + 10
Find the first jump hard? hold before your icon is visible.
I HATE YOU CERU
That first jump is dog w@ter
i make gameplay that i myself consider good. not my problem if you dont like it :)
you use a black orb by clicking on it :)
coins: jump in 33%.
hey look a comment that is not about this being 5 star: the dual is very cool
i spent about three quarters of my attempts on the quad spike before i found out it moved 
these are the types of levels rob rates when he's drunk at 2:00 AM
Buggiest rated level I've seen in a while :rofl:
YOU GO CERU
"secret way" suck my fat nutz
imagine getting top comment
esta bueno
The gameplay is criminally unbalanced imo
Designs could be better in more of a cohesion standpoint. Other block designs can be worked on as well
Feeling like it's 1 minute 28 second travel...
GG :D
I hate the black orb at 60%, reposition it.
gg on your 2nd featured lvl!
If this gets to top comment i will literally inhale air
Pretty good. The designs are not bad but the gameplay is kinda poor.
Que es esta obra de arte? :o
hum
Cool 8)
Designs and gameplay could be improved, however uh this is great
Not a huge fan of the gameplay, but pretty neat decoration! gg! :3
Cool 8)
Opino que hamburguesa la verdad no me opongo
I played only for the decoration because I hate the gameplay.
the clouds part was so fun :D awesome deco too
eh in discord u said this part is easy but ummmmm the balancing tho
who is disliking every comment nooo also YESSSS MY FIRST RATE IN MONTHS GGGG
I kinda wanna be able to uh see the actuall gameplay without being blinding like i cant see anything
Your creativity and talent in the editor is obvious. I'm not a fan of the beginning gameplay tho..
planet hitboxes nerfed A TON, youre welcome
this level is so awesome, love that planet part, well done bro
this is so good i love it, looking forward to see more levels by you:)
lag machine
thanks for using my track, great level <3
39999 objects 
Like my comment if you are human
It was a great view. gg.
i cant see whats going on, and the gameplay is meh
GG :)
Level #948
yoo thanks arb and heda :D
weird gameplay at times, but pretty cool
no u
really really cool, it needs some work but you definitely knew what you were doing.
So cool
LAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG (WITH LDM)
Like si hablas espanol xd
very good atmosphere!
Like si hablas espanol
EPICO!!! <3
no puedo ver
aaaaaa la oscuridad me controla de nuevo :(
this level is sexy
super bonito
omg this is amazing. im gonna assume this will get rated at some point!
2.2????????????? efectos de camara? XD
HAGASE LA LUZ
este nivel merece rate, bien hecho mi amigo ;)
Amazing level :)
Nice c:
bonitowo!
la oscuridad permanece,ten cuidado en quien confies...
el nombre del perro del emo de la clase:
Increible nivel la verdad me encanta todo me gustaria ver mas niveles de este estilo son muy guays
ho quiero llorar esa cancion me trae recuerdos :'^)
Very cool!!! Epic
I wish the N was a C
BZZT BZZT BZZZZZT
ten dollars says this will be daily...
love this
btw is it really a collab w/ wulzy?
I tried to play full detailed..   Results: Phone Exploded
You may have killed my eyes but nice level :)
MADLAD ACTUALLY COLLABED WITH AK
el ultimo que de like es un capo
ur styles fit together very well, great job !!
yay
conkacola
like si ablas espanol :0
when your on mobile
playing this in the dark
viejo sabroso 
this is sick, love the color variations and the bgs, altho smtimes they felt empty in the sides ;)
still lag like its prequel, wtf
 nice level ye
so cool, especially love the last part
a bit messay, but overall, I like it!
Gameplay needs more effort put into it , plenty of awkward timings that dont belong
click here for if your a pro                                        (here)
cool level but the gameplay could have been way better in the second half
magic! plss rate RobTop
really really good
I like it :). It's an improvement from your last level. It's a little messy in some areas, however it's a step in the right direction
Looks cool and good gameplay! :)
sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesh
I HATE LAG
I HATE LAG
this is an epic feature
Beautiful level !
im done.....
Amazing :D
If any mods come, I just wanna say hi. :)  I love moderators.  ;D
I treat all mods the same, elder mods, regular ones, they are all the same to me   ;D
If this makes top comment i will be really happy :D
Pretty nice gg! :>
d
if i get top i will change my name
This is amazing, I really hope it gets rated!!! Good job to everyone :)
fake secret way at 42%
i can't tell which ones a spike or which ones an arrow
GG :)!!
Like if you want 2.2 to come early :)
ta bonito
GG!
epic arts 
4 estrellas y ya!!!!
idk why i get the key
im really sorry, but the gameplay is trash...
gg
Wow it really deserves epic keep doing awesome stuff diego :)
nice level :)
gg 16 att
GG
:)
gg
amazing, love the atmosphere
bad gameplay
Gameplay is a bit awkward in the UFO but not bad :)
Playtest your level and avoid using invisible plattforms!
gud
no playtesting type beat
not a 5 star gameplay tho 
this level is so bad it had to be hack verified
that ufo was way too awkward
please stop using this song
Cuando quieras puedes decirme y ayudo a playstear tus niveles me gusta tu deco, no te desmotives ;)
Mi cara cuando escucho esta cancion por 103938 vez :|, x cierto el gameplay es muy malo, sin ofender
@JHERALD si amigo tratare de ser mas atento en esos detalles 8)
love this level, hope it gets a rate :)
thanks for the constructive criticism to all I promise that next time I will do something better
bad gameplay
gameplay de mierda pero deco decente
I love the song :D
what in the hell is this ufo
no te desanimes, tienes suficiente potencial para ser mejor creador, te apoyo!
IM NOT GOOD ATT THIS
coin 1: trigger at 1 (up), orbs at 7
coin 2: go down at 50, time jump between gap at 76
coin 3: jump at exactly 77.00%, skull at 78, gl with 98 jump
this song blows
when ur playing a level but you forget ur playing gd and you start crapping your pants uncontrolably
Tyler EpicLooch Based Herting
gg thank for use my lay
Second coin is really hard in my option. Anyway gg all coin  :)
GGGG but no coins :(
i just stubd my tow its herting a lot
very pretty and trippy level I enjoyed it!
gg
Me gusta apareser en los Top y
oh wow very chill vibes, love this level keep it up!
Interesting coins gg :) thanks for the tip ult1m8 <3
chilling
what are these coins????
of course...
'-'
Someone: What a beautiful song! What's it called? Someone 2: His name is ??????????????????????
like if you watched CreatorMoldys video. :)
YOOOO THANKS SO MUCH ROB
like if you are hate the doul wave part
like if you came from the vid
the date is Feb 20th, 2017. You try generic style and you get your first 2 creator points
I accidentally type the pass xDD Pass: 123456
who else is here from the vid
like if you think moldy should have more subs :)
when your late for work
how did i find an actual level from a cpguy IN RECENT TAB?!?!
who else watched his video lol
That sounds like a skill issue to me :troll:
Like if you saw the video!! Also try liking thks comment twice, it works! Have a great day!! =) 
like if u watched moldys video
Be sure to check out the vid for context. I recommend using GDBrowser to copy the link. :)
i hate the wave
Like if you came to this level after watching moldys vid!
I seen your video less than 2 hours ago ;|
I playing in 2017 ? Rob gift rate lol
this managed to reach my recomended yt page  
Pass: 945119 | Like so what others can see
"The block design is very good, as is the way to get the coin" GG! *-*
skyscrapers are technically really big sand castles 
I love and also hate this gameplay
buggy? please specify so i can fix the bugs
gg
nice level wrench
GG, Pretty Unique Designs :)
cuales ideas?
this is unique, but some parts feel pretty unpolished. anyway its designs are so damn cool! :D
Yogurt
Ah Yes, Rate 5*
gg 1 coin 99 att
Hello! Good job bro ;3 
fixed the secret way..
30,6k estrellas
8 att gg
One More!
very good but please fix the transition into the ship at 30%, thats ny only complaint :)
nice work! gg with a coin :)
Graciaaaaass este es mi mejor cumpleanios :3 Los quiero a todos :D
Gracias por colaborar @FayraxGD ^^
y tambien fue todo un placer y un honor hacer una colaboracion contigo ^^
if you die on your first attempt at 69% as i did, you will get exactly 96 orbs
To get the last coin just don't click at the end, the coin will move.
Ultra lagaso Pero Buen Nivel 
Feliz Cumple Bro :)
Happy Birthday :)
la verdad que una amistad como la tuya no se olvida, Feliz Cumple Broooo :"3
Thanks for killing me with no reason
Aqui antes del featured B),hermoso nivel GG
Increible nivel me encanta mucho la decoracion ^^
fua de locos compadre, feliz dia camarada, este nivel tambien es una maravilla
What a good level 
odio ecuador
wave part is very beautiful, absolutely love it
dios quisiera jugarlo pero me va feo
when lag makes a 1:20 level 5:00
GG :)
i cant even see the spikes
epic worthy
Like for epic feature
kinda wish there were more than 2 or 3 parts, cause this is honestly pretty neat! :)
Neat
Like if you there before feature ;)
why does this level remind me of school?
SORRY FOR THE RUSHED ENDING Y'ALL, EDITOR CRASH SUCKS SO MUCH
yoo this is epic
wow   really good job!
GG!! 36k stars :)
rate worthy. good shit homie
Nice
15,000 stars.
Amazing atmosphere, tho I feel like it lost some quality after the first part. Fantastic nonetheless
nice level GG
pass is 696969 like this comment so people can see
GG!! 1 Attempt!! 
cool
its epic i dont see any problems like blind jumps or wsomething!
yo neat!
hey thats me
AYOOOOO
a bit confusing but pretty cool!
whoever made your mom in the first 25% is not very talented
Nice.
so getting an insane rate shouldnt be that hard tbh
i think this is a 9* or demon
RATEE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1!!!!1!!1!1111
i guess the council decided death was my fate
go rob
Cool level but very hard!!!
i dont know how i sightread this at first attempt
this wouldve been a great last level for the crystal gauntlet
the coins is hard
168att all coins gg :)
Really fun collab! Awesome job, guys! :D
GG man
Cool level , but the transitions need a little adjustment imo
swag
ayy gg on rate bun
Another missed opportunity to title this "Im High as Hell Bro" :(
really good concepts sent for harder 6 :)
Coin 2: Touch the third trigger and the red orb will appear at 51%. =)
good theming and thanks for free coin
YunHaSeu14?
For 2nd coin = tap 1 & 3 square orbs at 38% & 40%
You lose my respect
decent theming but the gameplay and song intensity is so unfitting
Without doubt your best level yet! Love the library part especially :)
Epic! Thanks for putting me in the dedications <3
last coin almost got me lmfao, ggs nice level !
yes
its not fun
this is the 3rd level ive seen with this theme including my own lol
no free bobux :(
yes free coin!!
im glad to see how your deco is progressing, your best level so far <3
I DID IT WITH THE FREE COIN I HAD NO IDEA THAT HAPPENED BUT I DIDNT DIE TO IT SO AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
x2
your best level! glad i could help with some of the ideas! thanks so much for the dedication! :)
thanks again for letting me verify :)
GG! :)
Have fun y'all! :D
gives a bit of an acu feel
cool probably medium demon
How is this a medium demon?
Nick demon moment
looks like acu
Nice colors, but I feel like the gameplay is a bit inconsistent and hard to sight-read. Mostly fun!
waiting for someone to say this looks like acu
bruuuh
but i think its hard demon
Update 2: Added an ULDM!
finally man,40 demons,ggs
90x3
90x2
pass is145145
i swear to god if this gets rated to a medium demon..
a bit unbalanced but kinda fun :)
coin 1; miss jumps at 19%. 2; don't jump at 90%. 3; miss orb at 95%
Awesome
Terry would like to know if your ok(like = ok. dislike = nope.).
GG! :)
i feel like a god at the first part
26 attempts without practice on mobile. should i try to beat this level?
Inconsistency: The Level
this level was such a blast to play, gg! 465 atts (14th victor)
19k yayyyyyy
omg he named the level after the uk
cube: easy demon   ufo: hard demon   wave: top 75
wow insane demon i remember when this wasnt featured
@dashvenger you can turn it off by clicking on touch orb at the very begining
Really enjoyable, GG! :)
"eat my entire ass"
Problem?
18k thank you thank you thank you
17k!!!!!!!!
Gg
I can never get lucky with insane demons can I
502 atts what a fun level
privet
Like esli ti russkiy
kto bil do othenki? ->
Kto do reyta ->
like kto bil na prembere
Bro, prosnis, eto bilo 6 let nazad
privet Russia!)
grystnij final, plakali vsem vagonom((((
Laik esle lubish maffaku <3
RESPEKT OT SOZDATELA CRAZY TIME
etot lvl posvesaetsa DeCody:)
bolshoi da
The song... My favourite one from 2.0 levels)
Do Reyta
cool but seems so empty, i think feature worthy. U KCTATU TTPUBET PYYCCKUM :)
8 marta blizko - blizko... Rasti rasti, moya pipiska! :D
1like = mobile player
password: 001337
Kto proshel do reita ->
really good level :)
looks like cold sweat wait no looks like congregation wait no looks like vogue wait no looks like su
oh wow this is really cool
sleeper gameplay but colours are neat
Yoo nice level
this looks like a nerfed extreme demon
WhyWhyWhyWhyWhyWhyWhyWhyWhyWhyWhyWhyWhyWhyWhyWhyWhyWhyWhyWhyWhyWhyWhyWhyWhyWhyWhyWhyWhyWhyWhyWhyWhy
why did i
bro
Love it. Colors, gameplay, colours. Great, if in one word!
congregation.
This is a piece of art.
 
Every effect is detailed so well, this is fantastic!
GG :D
too cool for epic
Gg 9.998 Users Coins!
GG!
keep dying at 17%
no salgo del 84% mejor me hubieran abortado  ABORTO LEGAL!!!!!!!!!!!
rennnn
We did it guys, now lets get this rated and placed!
awesome level, i hope it gets rated!!!
I absolutely love the energy this level gives off and overall I think it looks great, awesome level
FIRST VICTOR!!!
Pass is 103105, like so everyone can see!
my eyes
OH MY GOD
at 1k likes 25$ itunes card giveaway (100% real) just message me or Surjaco to enter :O
great level, i can see you put a lot of work into this
AYE YOooooO!
unoptimized on ldm, random wacky gameplay, moving blocks and deco gets in the way, unbalanced. Cool
lmfao i dropped this
gg
ooh, thx for the dedication :)
I have stole from the federal government, give me likes I made a funny comment xD lmao haha lol
Where is my support money jack
its rated ggs <3
hey guys verification video is on my yt check it out!
like this comment to like this comment to like this comment to get a free cookie
ITS RATED LOL
I still think it's Demon. It's just the drop being much harder and unbalanced compared to the rest.
solid insane 9 level , sent for featured :)
i dont think hinds style includes "bad gameplay"
Very fun level, GG! :)
very fun!
CARMINIUS IN HINDS
i love this
remove the invisible blocks please
GG!! Awesome 1.9 Deco
106 atts,que barbaro
GG, epic
Very enjoyable experience. I'm glad this got nerfed to a 8-9 star.
gg! 4000 stars
GG =)
pretty fun :)
Very clean hinds style, well made. gg :)
*comment worthy of 420 likes*
WHAT DO YOU MEAN DADDY?
#17 GG
rate demons
1 coin : 17%          2 coin : 47%          3 coin : 89%   :)
pretty repetitive but well polished, the gameplay is quite nice
Good description
Fatima is my friend :)
love the masking and background effects, the blocks are a bit repetitive though. great job nonetheless! =)
no seriously dont look at my %
3rd coin teleportal needs to b moved half a block to the right. otherwise nice, simple lvl :)
Nice
cool :)
The level in general is clean and a lot of fun to play, but add colors in bg. sent to mods :)
where the COIN?
clean stuff dude gj
Cool level
GGTOP91:)
FEUTURE CLICK                                                                HERE
GG 10000 estrellas :)
GG! Thx for 888 Stars ;)
fivA?
all coins!
Cute!
ta bien
dude ur level has been copied by TheComradeUSSR, u should do something about it :)
nice colors
this is so good 
HERMOSO!
hot
goodbye my friend <3
Que envidia miamor >:c
i like modern collabs like these for some reason
Not bad!
Nice
Not bad, but the quality is inconsitent between parts. Send to mods.
so random
que buen nivel lpm
yees! featured gg :)
esniki 
Bruh
Patience my friends, Rob is just having dinner
gg 1 att
Bad transition
It's pretty hard to tell what the gameplay syncs to, the quality also seems to drop over time
Like this comment if u like chicken
wow nice level <3
FEATURED MAN
Pretty cool but a bit too dark I think, sent for rate :)
Nice blocks design, try now to improve your decoration, like some part are empty and please don't put these black particles. Send to mods.
Epico bro :3
First Comment <3
Very avarage in quality
GG Adonay! tan cerca de los 20 cps :DD!
rare
omg this is great
6 star? 
GG :).
wow good level like it
not that bad, but I feel like something is missing, sent for rate :)
really cool
Before rate 
GG!
like if feature
guys the level has green orb double taps that means its automatically epic
better than sex
banger alert banger alert
GG! :)
GG! 21 attempts, sightread this and kept dying on the layered orb lol ;)
o3k demon o3k demon
when are people going to rate this down to a medium demon lol
man u guys messed up the this is so good chain i cant believe it
GG! :) 85 Attempts! Relaxing music and easy gameplay, love this style! Really good and fun level!
carried by song imo :nerd_face:
the STRANGEST gameplay and decor in my life... :/
1 of the best hard demons
my balls are hung out to try wpgg
10,000 big ones thats kinda cool thanks everyone
Yo my first hard demon :DDD 567 attempts!
welve the ending to this level is like 9 stars man what are you talking about
this is a pretty cool thing to wake up to
tv room banger
last wave looked kinda empty so i just added some pulsing objects
o3k im just not very good at the quadruple spikes lol
Wait this isnt time machine by waterflame
SO COOL!
same lol
There isn't secret way lol
j level j level
arg i cheese it but 48%
Like if , like if , like if ,                          shut up
just bruh
its not a secret way if it doesnt go anywhere lol
Awesome
GG :).
the progression in this level is spot on and it fits the music really well. nice job J
thxxxx
Very cool! It IS diffrent! You mostly make modern levels and this is like a note book looking thing!
Neat
this level is so swag it should've been epic and daily
This Is not time Machine
this song makes me feel like i am losing my mind slowly
Really gives me Escuro vibes.
good level JayCJ
i beat deep tides by nemsy
1st coin in 12% go up 2nd coin in 41% 42% 43% keep jumping and u get it like pls
if i quit gd for 2 month, i miss 10 cp from Nemsy
im sorry i will update the description now and add more
I like it
These dash orbs are so buggy
sexy song
i like how people are disliking "1 attempt" comments.     information: pros exist
gg uwu
easy coins GG!
GG good level bro
GG nemsy
Cool! :)
GG! 2 coins
Cool  :)
i love that effect in the cirst part :)
pretty nice
epic level
GG! :)
nice
Thank you so much for this level dude <3
Terrible gameplay
Good level, but no way this is 5*
I'm rated again!! :O
Like: 6-7 STARS / Dislike: 4-5 STARS
Pretty fun level, but the deco was repetitive and very simple, sent for rate :)
very bad gameplay
this is 7*
Level inconsistence :/
 bad gameplay
gg quite hard for 5*
too hard for 5 stars and i hate every single blue orb, but good level
you know the gp is bad when there is a teleport at almost every portal
really cool level! I don't know what happend and I've died :/
82k Stars! :) [24/11/2021]
Bad gameplay.
este  parece un7 star de equivocaron 
another texic level...
Don't think this is hard
Sure this is a 5?
Thanks and thanks for informing me about the song. I should have checked it before releasing.
Impressive recreation
110att all coins gg. epic design level but it's too hard for *4
Really cool! Not 4* though...
Never knew Cream was a playable character on Sonic 2. Nice lvl
Coin 1: At 72% Coins 2 & 3: Collect all mini-coins and fix all broken lanterns.
there are insanes easier than this
Really nice animations, although gameplay could be improved as well as decoration (less copy paste)
this could genuinely be featured, this is cool :)
cool level but kinda hard for a 4 star
Gameplay is cancer
this level my love :3
I love the recreation and animations :)
what game am i playing again?
Geometry Dash is truly an impressive game engine.
Thanks everyone.
I love the animations!! I just wish the level deco was a little less repetitive
4 star?
GG!! all coins :)
Amazing, If i was RobTop, i would rate in 5 secs of publish time!
cool concept
Great job recreating the sneak peek, this is great stuff man... :D
really unbalanced on the quality. Rate worthy maybe, but not feature yet.
Monke Rating 5/5
I LOVE this level. It has a great concept AND awesome execution. GREAT work, man!
The ONLY conplaint I have about this is that the first part is hard to sightread. That's the ONLYone
Who knew baby Stereo Madness could be so infuriating?
Magic Tab
Nice level :)
first part was cool idea, and its gameplay sucks
wow, nice
rate
found in recent tab couple days ago when not featured
after the beginning the gameplays better, cool level otherwise
Sneak peek?
me gusto mm
WOW
oh, magic tab, gg...
17.3k enimems
I love the platform-based section :)
what bout sad socks?
see you later my man
the hardest 6 stars lvl
Whoa
every 8th person likes :)
thx for using my song!
GG!
one of my favs from you
beat in 82 clicks
GG Finally.
WELCOME TO LEVEL 2
looks cool :)
2.2 WHENNN        (;
like if you will miss him  ):
you like to dream... about, Pipes?
wow so cool!
GG =)
welcome to the geometryrooms
Like if Npesta by Kenos
amazing stuff bro
Had to play the whole level to see just how much happy tree friends it was...
happy tree friends was so good
i thought at least ONE character would have gotten beheaded
This level is so cute! ..........    .........   .....  *realization*
TGIF! Saatnya nonton BRI Liga 1 antara Persiraja vs Persipura Jayapura dan menangkan Samsung Galaxy
I remember this, it's the show my mommy and daddy left me alone to watch when I was 4 or 5 lol.
First :P
my kids love this show
I remember this being my favourite show when I was 3 what was wrong with me
why did I think this was about bob ross?
the best cartoon ever ( kartun terbaik sepanjang masa )
wow what a cute looking level i should go check out the show its based on!!!! !!
had no blood or death so it didnt get epic :(
like if you love htf :)
i love htf
Pass is 011021! Enjoy :D!
peaple who dont know (: peaple who know |:
flippy is so cute... wait
Imagine a parent thinks HTF is a children's show and shows them to their kids...
I waited so long for a Happy Tree Friends level ngl
Ok this is fun
:)
Featured!!!!! Diosss!!! Gracias ROB!
Ese gameplay ta epic :)
Nice
40,000 stars. Great gameplay, GG :D
cool level and epic gameplay<3
Muy epico amigo, increible decoracion. Felicidades por el featured.
Its honestly pretty cool!
Increible 20/10
Very epic
Epico y divertido GG  :)
si algen sbe la contrasea digala por favor
GG ta chido
this sure is a level
GG
Nice!
GG's. Awesome game play!
addicting
gg
70% gameplay how??
please work on your gameplay it was terrible to play
from 70% onwards the gameplay becomes an absolute mess but other than that it looks nice
The glow in some places is messy, but overall looks cool
More like easy demon
Un placer ayudar a mi novia B)
uh thats a boy?
GG!
sneakyx
Mi querido JHERALD, quiero seguir pensando que no hiciste el gamplay de tu parte, tqm pero lo odioxd
im convinced this level was hacked verified
IM A BARBIE GIRL IN A BARBIE WORLD LIFE IN PLASTIC ITS FANTASTIC U CAN BRUSH MY HAIR DRESS ME EVERYW
q pro prro
ok these namss are ridiculous
a bridgh part looks to brief, modify it?
what the hell last jump!?
...
yes!!!!
con este lvl llegare a las 2k estrellas
lo que dijo el de abajo, llevo perdiendo en el 69% y en el primer wave cada rato
Demon Extreme ---------------------7w7--------0_0------------------------------------------------>
this should be extreme
imagine censoring fire power
why is this insane demon this is totally extreme demon
GG! :)
the cool the level
insanely fun
cant tell if this extreme or not but its extemely fun either way
yooo
extreme ._ .
WTF
this is my third favorite citrax level
love your colors
Mod please comment I dont want to deal with the possibility that I can be top comment
holy man was this level stressful
Yeah thats uh...extreme bud
theres no way this is an insane demon
fixed 60hz bug
extreme demon
what i dont get is how he made an insane demon when he's only beaten two demons
Fun fact: Today is October 1st in my country. xd
Sorry but, its september 30th.
Awesome
it's one rate for every first day of october
like this comment if your name is not samuel
Wtf??? fast rate!???
congrats on 16 yrs old
You're 16, I beat this in 16 attempts, cool.
Happy Birthday! I'm 16 too :D               Still can't deco worth a crap tho
cp
sorry  he/her but we have found out its semptmber 32st now.
Happy Birthday! (late ;-;) and thanks for dedicated me! :D
like si la cancion te parecio un version diferente de XO
y'all know time zones exist, right? . . . right..?
is it in this year 2021
It's my birthday today :D (not lying)
<3
Awesome level! Happy Halloween! <3
ITS A FRIDAY NOT A SUNDAY
today
me
GG on the rate :)
like if you want your name deleted from FBI's list
hard epic
232 people already what thats amazing
Don't use the final dash orb at the very end of the level for the 3rd coin
GG on the rate!
yay
veyr cool! definitely a feature! :D
Cool! :)
Nice colors and gameplay
lets GOOO
random specific timings! you gotta love em!
probably feature? idk the colors look a bit weird
GG! All Coins :) Top 15!! :D
Los instrumentos arabianos, like si entendiste la referencia :v
GG 3000 STARS!!!
GG! :)
mini coins 15% antes del portal 16% solo toca la orb roja y otras mini coins 69% 74% 
YiYi, fun level, specially nemsy parts :D
has some jerky movements but pretty good overall
Robtop Featured :D
wow, its like B
GG on your first cp!
(._.||)>
1 att
GG!! ;3
I B-feat it.
BEE
also i like how you use 1f1n1ty songs, his songs are really good!
Very Good
GG ON CP!
anyways congrats on your first cp man
why do i remember this level
good
8 att  gg :)
GG!
gg
like
good idea!!
Nice atmosphere, feels like swimming underwater 
:b
GG! :)
Like the theming! Liked the colors in parts of this one but I wish it was less messy later on
there arent alot of comments for a featured lvl aslo i love the aquatic theme
this makes me want to precipitate
GG with 3 coins! Nice song xD
 
hi
all coins!
eeeh
este en un nivel muy hermoso!
Oh hi Bii
all coins :)
love ur levels dude
robert topert
:OOOOO
neat
Some parts are really cool :)
Yee
yor monm
WAIT I JUST FOUND THIS IN THE RECENT TAB THIS IS AWESOME
Gameplay is a bit weird in parts but the designs are amazing!
WHOOP WHOOP GGGGGGG
yes you are wyrmi!!!!!
Hey Moffer :0
Not bad :)
Yoo gg on the rate let's go
yes
I'm gonna get off this game. My eyes hurt like really badly.
<3
gg
who is Fat in the dedications? i dont remember hiring a guy named fat for Team Quan lol
duuude
I broke my eyes playing this!
what the seggs it got rated gg lo
gg
yeahhh!!!
pyslioncian
4.2k stars :D
Gracias por la dedicacion buapo, y buen nivel 
Love the 2.2 concept :)
LMAO I WAS STRUGGLING WITH 73% AND THEN WHEN I BEAT THE LEVEL I'M 73TH ON THE LEADERBOARD
Bonito, bro.
I already fixed the bugs :D
N a i s
Start_____/\________/\___Minigame______/\______/\___Final.
i just spam click at ufo part
gg esta genial
Pichazo
hermoso <3
<3
orgullo
bonito
OMGGGGGG thanks <33333
Buen nivel bro y gracias por la dedicacion <3
muy bonito
GG 12 attempts
Kinda annoying how it isnt clear that you need to go pretty fast in the UFO part. 
Cool :D
another track of mine lmao
I finnaly fixed 60%,10%. i'm sorry for what i've added there. was supposed to fix the secret way.
Yoow i just see Belastet only have 12 cp and he already at 31? Yoww GG :)
Is this bug at 60% or what
:0
thanks for fix the level :)
GG
mierda
gg all coins
all coins :)
why
oubqefivuh hfqvfn ljqfvenjlw vfnejlwvef jnlqnfvjiel  noqfeq fulhveq lver lbquel njqvef inlvrqe  noqf
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHOUUUUUU YEAAHHHH
gg
u german?
gruesse ausm schwarzwald!
look at you now, 31 cp. great progress you have made.
look how far you have come, my friend belastet. it all started with me seeing you in magic.
lekkere bananen
please fix 9% jump
Lovely style here, though I wish there were more different parts and sight readability. Def not 5*
just watched a video about unrated levels and this got rated bruh
very nice nivel
this is so beautiful!!!
the song sounds like a phone ringtone xd
la  visibilidad del gameplay es una mierda.
wow totally not repetitive
this is cool, but try to make different gameplay and use other portals, felt very monotone ;)
DONT LET ORPHANS READ THE SONG NAME
charming
Cool idea =)
really nice level
cube simp
oh its one of those click-or-i-force-you-to kinda levels
feels like I'm in a timeloop
Mis ojos :)
and it's weird how it's still enjoyable
GG Fluked from 37%.
i love the cube part
bad
amazing remake <3333
metal
cold and creamy
pretty easy for a 5 star imo but thats what good gameplay and deco does for a lvl
cold and dreamy WeT aNd CrEaMy
Nice!
nice
Nice :)
you should keep doing this style, you excecuted it really well
16 attempts. GG ;)
GG! :)
d
gg
gg
& 14.400 stars
Nifty lvl! I really liked the gameplay! Way to go, dear creator! Thanks a ton for this cool 5* lvl!
Those reverse portals would work great in 2.2
this is so cool ;)
10000 stars :D
GG Good Use Of mirror portals!!
aaa thank you for making s blocks visible we need this to catch on :pray:
This is level also the glow counterpart to Hydrogen by Endyn. Go check him out!
the cleanest glow level ive seen in a while
i verified the golden lets go
I took the time to like every comment! You're welcome. :)
gg
GG's. 1 Coin! =)
:^)
GG 9att i like this level
Yesss rated! :D
great work
gg 5 attemps
Beautiful :3
fun
3k stars :)
#118 on leaderboards
GG 2000 user coins :)
8P8N8E (like if you get it)
Looks nice :)
GG
how to attack doe
e z stay to left the whole time
to everyone: you don't have to beat the boss
CAN YOU JUMP AND GIVE INSTRUCTIONS? IF YOU DID, THAT WOULD MAKE YOUR LEVEL WAY BETTER
luigi wins by doing absolutely nothing
Tap left or right to move
pro tip:stay in the left corner and wait
lol free stars
just stand to one side and its a free level
u cwn literally win by standing in the left corner
free 5 stars if you just stay to the left
Easiest 5 star?
free stars and orbs LOL
gg 14 attempts are you kidding me? you can just dodge all his attacks, you dont have to kill him
free
WOHOO 1att :D
this is why i love geometrey dash.
outstanding, great work
autoooooo
free xd
these transitions are absolutely amazing but please focus on readability too
you should work on your transitions because this is not really sight readable
Really want this to be epic rated honestly
cool decos and stuff but this is unplayable
pause 20 times in 1 minute challenge
this is so good
great visuals.
NOT FREE STARS GIMME A REFUND RIGHT NOW
how the hell do you sightread this
i remember pogtopia from when dream smp was good
:pog:
i love this level so much oh my god
epic extreme
Nice
Blind gameplay
terrible gameplay but i still 1 attempted it
pass is 161507
bruh this level is soo unsightreadable
Fantastic deco and effects
one of my favorite levels id just give reaction time
How psychodelic, I like it! :)
cool design but u need to fix gameplay
Thx Rob! :')
COIN: Go up before the cube portal at 54%
lag lag lag...
livio callou
@4y4 omg hi! :0
Nice
how did i go underwater in a city
Que nivel tan bueno, me gusta :)
hey ty for the friend requet but i cant acc for some reason?
extra crispy crocs twin
hermoso bro :0
gg
:V
the stars are jewish symbols
GG ;)
I want to go to beach)
Stargrindings going good so far :)
@sparkering xd ya pronto tambien lo conseguiras bro
Hermoso bro, vuelve pronto <3
Oh, Thanks!
people who gives a free coin at the end is automatically going to heaven
Nos vemos bro ^^                                                                        
adios bro no te olvides volver todos te esperaremos eres el mejor Anla
:(
coin 1: 69%, coin 2: free at 99% like pls
Cool level! :)
7k stars :)
<3
I don't usally like glow style, but this, I like this.
Nice
good level and song thanks  for 2 coins
entretenido y relajante el nivel 
underrated
Joe Biden
ne
Fantasmom :3
gg. how did i get the second coin...
59% bruuuuh
Fun fact, you can't collect 1st coin if you click restart button.
aw heck yeah
fun and easy
Fun gameplay.
i dont feel alive anymore 
extremely sexy gameplay
pretty fun, could be cleaner and have better color combos though!
yooooo reaaaaaaaaaally fun dude, love it
secret way patched lolololololo
goojob
excelent gameplay :)
Really fun level! I really love how easy and sightreadable it is :)
Nice.
Fun level :)
hold at start for coin :)
8561eme stars
I've never seen a creator post a sw in their own level before lmao, thanks
Very fun
600 Coin
gg 16k stars :)
theres a lot of improvements to be made but this is pretty decent for a first level
i wud like dis to be feeturd bcuz its reall cool and in reecent
Mfw when the style perfectly matches with song's atmosphere. Cool work!
THIS IS AMAZING
Deserves a feature at least but there could be a little bit of improvements
welp guys i think i found my favourite 7 star
damn that is sick
B)
Artistic genus at its finest.
rated !!!
damn 1 att ngl i was lost at some parts but my brain functioned correctly this time
Nice atmosphere :)
MEN THIS IS REALLY GOOD (I SPEAK SPANISH LMAO)
GGG NAKAMOTO GOT FEATURED GG
like this if your levels will never look like this
GG! :)
nice level featured 100%
i saw that lvl in recent and 1 like from me
Cool
super unique!
Thank you for finishing this off! I hope everyone enjoys what we made :)
GG's! 1 Coin. Awesome level you two! I loved the vibes. =)
1 att
j block? never heard of her
wow 50% to 100% is amazing!
gg 1 attempt 1 coin
GG :).
good sync
A 5* star lvl that feels like heaven... Thanks for creating that atmosphere! Much love from Finland!
GG, Nice level :D
Hard to read the jump pads (specially the yellow (maybe make them a bit orange))
i hate hauxfruit
Thanks for rating rob, and congrats on couble digit CP :D
Not too bad, but pretty inconsistent.
new feature, here come the like beggers
gg
not going to lie the objects are hard to see
gg
i hate hauxfruit
GG
This is the only mountain level I approve of.
justjohn when a ratebegger's level gets rated
Mountain Dew
soo cool but that random modern part doesnt fit at all lool
this mountain smells musty crusty dusty
how many more mountains with weird names are we gonna get
the cp nerds are quick to once again jump all over a gag level
john
this was a really fun experience to be a part of           
no way this is the collab i was too lazy to finish my part in!
orange part was really good. rest was mediocre
I saw an amogus then I died. IMPOSTER????????
WOW
Like if you have lag -------->
i hate it because just jonh is in the title, remove naem and i clear map amd give 10/10
LMAO 
It was an oppurtunity to be in your collab!
gg 8 attempts i prefer Valium Volcano
@grizzley we know that's the joke
this is hot honestly
whh everyone is making unbalanced duals at the end?
that cube dual at ~75% is god awful, nobody should do timings like that in even a 9* level
the auto parts when you wait are way too empty and boring and need effect.
not bad!
POV: You didn't practice, you died at the last dual, and you are mad about it.
super unbalanced
awesome but wave is ridiculous
Last parts were harder than the rest. Try to keep the gameplay more balanced :)
That last dual ruins the level tbh.
Me Gusta Mucho Esta Cancion :D !!!!
congrats volt!
#56
15 att gg :)
gg pass?
GG!! Banger :O
gg
Nice
gg
pretty!
gg cool end ;)
i love dying at the end every attempt
my stupid sister blocked my sight
GG and happy birthday bro! :D
Empty but not that empty
GOD
that last ship part had to be the most stressful thing ever lol but gg
gg 1 att
gg  9 att
Me la pelo, como tu hermana 
Exact 10 attempts GG :)
GG! :D
So noce lvl gg (20att)
relatively free stars
gg
quirky
its not daily dubbayoo
GG
Done!
Hi renn i really like your levels
thanks Gdhelis :3
why is my ship so heavy
like if u love ur mom
Like if the first ship feels weird
I like the level, but I don't understand why the ship is too heavy
Why ship is heavy? Maybe because Rob has not coded his game physics well so its harder.
Sentia mas pesada el ship XD
lunaire
did anyone else get every mini coin only to realize there wasnt a coin in the level?
why are there no user coins
Sent :)
my ship ate too much fish and is fat now
I thought that i was the only one who felt that the ship part was heavy
ship is heavy cuz dual ship uses upside down ship physics, which is heavy
got a score of 129 :o
Wow, this is almost feature worthy in my opinion. I really liked the effects.
erianul
that ship is fat dude,i can barely lift it
esta pesado la nave o soy yo :)?
Awesome! Great level but the the ships felt super grounded? Maybe its just me on iphone! Still great
Y yo que agarre todas las mini coins no se para que :I
congrats on first featured! =) GG
i LOVE this!!! gladly sent for feature :DDD
Thank you so much Robtop for featuring this level and you for playing this level :D
cool song
GG! 14000 stars!
Really neat
GG!
congrats!
gg on first cp :)
ABCDE
XD'nts
GG
17  yes!! :^D
but i cant see
gg on first cp
Nice 1 try is easy the level.like for level
I've put a thousandth like
This is awesome
I really like the design in this level :)
.
Un semaforo haciendo niveles, very cool. :)
OOOO muchas gracias a todos por el apoyo!!
ojala le den godlike
Meter by Peter next? :troll:
bonito
terrible gameplay 
La cancion me encanta
oo mein nivel, well done bros
Hiding In The Bugs, This level has a lot of bugs! XD
Pein by Mein
please fix 15% it's horrible
m
hola fillips
Cool looking, but some parts of the gameplay are horrible imo
Mein By Pein
Tremendo.
increible
My mom said that if i get Top Comment, i could get laptop! please like?
lindo :)
c mamein
Like: Dios    Ignora: Diablo
Viva Argentina papa <3
che * le crece la nariz*
che
Falta la parte en la que te roban
Primero va Dios, y Brasil segundo B)
argentina 1-0 varsil
better movements, sync, and air deco would make this a lot better...
HOOO!!! A poco asi es Argentina??? No pus si si es asi me compro mi boleto de avion ahora mismo.....
vamo Argentina wachoo
*comentario chistoso sobre argentina*
Argentina pa' <3
no importa si eres de argentina, chile o hasta venezuela, de todas TODOS SON LATINOAMERICA :D
Like si eres de Latinoamerica
me quiero morir 
hermoso nivel los narizones son unos capos , saludos desde colombia 
gg xd si tienen un celular patata se te va a 2 fps xd
Argentina <3
Nice
Y la copa flaco?
wanna collab
wanna collab i do layout you deco i upload i have no cp and i want cp pls
wanna collabn't? yes.
wanna collab? no. lmao
I'm going to hack u. What's your password?
Hi, wanna collab?
You get bonked coz u don't wanna collab.
Atrocious gameplay lol
stupid for mobil lag
2 taps to finish the boss: 1. Hold from 75% to the end of wave, 2. Hold from 87% to the end.
esta bien la deco pero el gameplay es basura
why does this always happen
GG :)
insanely laggy, would be nice if you made a playable level for once
confusing, i wish i knew to stay on the ground for the boss earlier
:(
2.2
GG's. Cool ideas, but you should prioritize game play/transitions more as they are unclear.
I wanna collab but you probably ignore me :(
ive never died so much to the beginning of a 5 star
claim your "i was here before it was rated ticket here ------------->
im asexual but i'd f*ck with this level
claim your "here before nexus" ticket here                     >
:D
i thought for sure this would be a NONG song lol
fixed secret wayz
rob cant rate this level because its explicit
like if you think it deserves rated
LIKE IF YOU PLAY IN MOBILE!!!!!
i like that its the shortest extrem but the song is super long. lol
holy moly.
I love you Rob.
holy shit this songs a banger
funny how a 40sec level needed a 30mb song
chef
I do not want your stupid ticket.
I BEAT EXPLICIT ON MOBILE FINALLY LETS GOO ! 68K ATTS~ FIRST MOBILE VICTOR
GG | 2.4k ATT | 70th Extreme Demon
This is how your grandparents got to school
gg
Outstanding decoration! I wish the gameplay could've been much better tho... :(
Like = Epic Featured - - - - - - ->
Man this is laggy but holy crap those arts are insane
beautiful
Verifier and First Victor :D
Like if here from Nexus video -------->
claim your here before rate ticket here - - - - ->
ahaha,go bro
GG! 109 attempts :)
nice
This level smells like teen spirit
FPS verni suka
I come from Nexuz
#ratenirvana
GG! :)
ok.. password please!
First comment, so like?
Whats the point in good deco if you can barely play it? nobody wants to play something annoying...
This is so freaking awesome, dude. gameplay isn't really the best but epic work. hoping for first cp
Absolute masterpiece, you are going places :)
neat level, the second half is definitely harder than the first though. sent for 7*
I have no idea how to play this part but cool level :)
WHO S HERE BEFORE RATE?
wheres moders?
terrible dual, literally what is the point of that part? please nerf it
Awful gameplay
man i LOVE asymmetrical duals at the end of a SIX star level so awesome not stupid at all
Last 25% feels like Easy Demon tbh...
smally bals
GG 52 attempts, red orb at 8% should be moved a lil to the left
I like the level overall, however, you still need to work on transitions and the start
yucky dual
ssiuuuuu
Practice recommended
wacky gameplay but good designs
could use hue changes in the glow to make colors pop out more but nice gp!
I can't read the gameplay
GG, fun until 84%, practice recommended,harder 7 for sure
8*
this is a 6*,not an easy demon. That duel is unecessary.
Should I replace the gears in the ship with gears that dont kill u
its really hard to tell what kills you
i always love multipath levels like this
i love the subliminal feeling of loneliness in this
Super cool how there are different paths :)
GG's. Cool concepts, but trying to navigate that ship part wasn't too enjoyable.
Coin in 94%
ship part is a disaster
Finally left 3 cp gang W
one of my favorite levels hands down
one of the coolest levels ive seen in a while
okay this is cool
that ship is so comfusing to me lol
this is actually so cool
the second part is very random
literally impossible to tell what kills you
whos here from nexus
RachLy, me gusta pero es confuso
this level is amazing 
ok ill nerf the ship
rubrub gaming
Like for 2.2, dislike for 2.0 and 1.1
+-((|{iiIIiRobTopGamesiIIii}|))-+
Ratio Rob                                                                            ^
Rate this
Thank You Rob!! =D
Top
@Ikaira, your style is different at this level, i really liked the moderate use of glow
Rob
Izhar?
Rob :)
Robert Topala
GG! :)
i saw this in recent
thx rob for this amazing game
eto ne vozmozchno proyty, avtor ponerfi leve on slischkom crazY
Have any of you realized that RubRub is a very suggestive username?
que nivel tan hermoso
nice level
HAHA FUNNY NUMBER
THERES NO FRICKING WAY
at least give me a warning i gotta jump here
idkwhybutilikeittoo
OMG IT GOT RATED CAUSE OF ALL THE MODS I SENT THIS To! IM SO HAPPY WE GOT THIS FEATURED @HATETAG :))
I like the red and blue part
weneedmorelevelslikethis
yea guys dont leak tjis is a really hard legendraUy
pog
I like it as well :)
trump sussy balls fragile sucks vavilon hahilis
L
yooooooo first cp my guy
fish bucket
GG! Deserved! :) Vavilon ALWAYS Wins.
WHAT HAPENNED TO YOUR NAME???!!!
idkwhybutilikethisaswell=D
GG Hatetag!
Once I realised there was a black orb in the ball portal, this became a whole lot more enjoyable
6* but there's like 4 really stupid timings that make the level cancer
me when cp
Pass 2020, no pregunten porque u.u
nice!
ta cheto los arts aWA
bro i cant see spikes and orbs this level is terrible
hay un poco de nivel en tu color
rip phone 2020-2021
Why this always happen..
Why do modern mappers and mods encourage blinding and flashing lights? Why do they hate seeing stuff
GG :)
Adorable <3
GG 4000 stars :)
Too much decor.
GG rate
impossible without sunglasses
GG's all coins
GG! :)
So Cute :3
:)
GG! Free coins :)
GG All Coins.
by aeonair
if this doesnt get rated, I will eat the year and a half old jar of pictures in my brothers room
I got my first featured level, thx Rob
awesome 
Like if this should get featured
theres a bug in the dual
uroven imba
This is amazing!
good
So good song. I like level.
Like this style. One of my favourite!
me like
A very smooth level and really fun although I think that the last part would have been better.     
Yooo, Congrats on your first CP :ooooooo
 
wow
GG! :)
why is this timing still here
nice gp
GG 1 att! fun gameplay :)
Awesome :)
Really good :o
nice :)
I love u
Epic worthy.
The composition is absolutely brilliant. This is going straight to Hall of Fame.
THANK YOU WOOFY ILYSM
We hope these players who were once part of the community rest in peace.                           
Rest In Paradise you three, heros come and go, but legends will be remembered forever
I love this
love
Great lvl all coins GG! :)
GG All Coins.
really cool bro!
absolute masterpiece.
GG three coins, really cool deco and gameplay and massive respect to all three of them :)
rip michigun
gg
gg 6 attemps all coins
Goodbye
*Master of thighs*
SONG SLAPS, AS WELL AS THE LEVEL I LOVE I5
Really cool, good job! :)
epic
extremely obnoxious impossible to sightread ending that creator only left in bc HE knows how to 2 do
Nice colors.                                                          
send this to evw when he does a mod level requests
amazing
gg
hola amego
id say this has a good chance of getting a star rate
Really nice gameplay. Designs are cool too, but they seem to decrease in effort as the level goes on
GG
GG
wcropolix pls
maybe some more demons :)
anymore first cps?
I hate this level more than any other existing level on this game!
the level disappeared from the folder xd :c
F
how do I get top comment
Mashup | Geometry Dash & Geometry Dash
i love the atmosphere, really cool level! sent
YEAH BOYYYYYYYYYY :>>
Magic level! Awesome! :)
Nice atmosphere here, but the ending felt very sudden
maksom eto zhi shedewrrr!!
WHAT WHY DOES THIS ALWAYS HAPPEN TO ME?!?!
love this simple effects, great job guys :)
i love it
gg 1 attempt
dedicated to dub4
This is awesome! I like it!!! GG :)
GG 5.4k stars...!
gg
GG
5734 stars
Fun relaxing level GG 1 attempt:)
gg
That felt like a quick level
plays out like a nerfed extreme demon
Gg, pretty fun level, sent :)
I like this. The theming is very well executed, just slightly unbalanced in my opinion.
This is EASY demon?
GG! 3 attempts :)
GG! :)
medium demon*
25 attempts. #1389
i kinda dont like gameplay, just my opinion
vote medium demon
Medium Demon - Hard Demon I think because it has some hard timings for an easy demon!
Vraiment bien le niveau O_O
pass is 40000
GG! :)
tbh this seems more of a medium demon
I verified the Golden
medium demon
this is not easy demon.
Forbidden Isle's brother
this is medium demon
pretty cool! I hope you'll get your first cps soon :)
Nice one, sent :)
WHATTTTTTTTTTTT FIURST FEATURE
very charming level but needs variation and polishing
glad you were able to decorate my layout :)
Congratulations with your first Featured level! :)
Really fun!
there are some parts where you have to do very tight timings, but otherwise, great level :)
Que Buen nivel ;D
OH MY LORD GG
Bit wacky gameplay wise, but still nice and fun
FINALLY RATED!!!
actually so fun
YEAH????
GGG MAN
This is easy demon no insane 8
After a reupload and 4 months
YO GG
gg fun :)
I literately died 30 times at 64% always at the end of the dual randomly jumping might be a bug..
Why is this so unpopular
i cant believe this songe exists
GG!! 18000 Stars :)
gg
Should be 5* imo!
GG Both Coins. For 2nd Coin: Tap the green dash very late at 68% to go under the jump pad.
 bad gameplay not sight readable
Original song is Die very rough :v
beat this last night but forgot to comment: gg this level got me to 5900 user coins
gg 1k user coins
GG
GG's.
gg
cam lox
syka gde bassi blyat. a, vot je oni
gg
h
2 att, GG!
chto naxyi
gg
This level and deco is very good, but the robot final is so awful..
Finally! That robot at the end is nasty.
ewwwww upside down wave
gg
gg :)
:c ?
coin is at 38%, between the saws
Cagada la trancicion del 39 ademas de eso , cool level ;)
Personally I thought the Robot part was fine, but I've updated it to make it better.
JahjAJhJAHAHHAJACASI ME HAGO CONCHA AL FINAL JKHNJJJJJ ay
why did you made the ending unsightreadable
dubstep fanataic
c:
mmm 24 att
what
GG! Free coins :)
GG! ^^
Terible Gameplay!
really nice :thumbs-up:
fun
Made by me, theGoT, 7Ak, X1ron, fJud, Polarprism, Sulpur, and Tropo,hope yall enjoy :)
Very nice, maybe just slightly harder than 5 stars.
:)
wouldn't call this 5 stars though 
darn I wanted to use this song someday x)
really good guys , solid modern level. Sent ;)
there many sudden timings but I like this atmoshere and design :)
Awesome transitions!
nice transition :)
bad transitions
Here before feature
Really cool, good job to y'all who participated in this :)
free p3nis growth syrum will be sent to your front door for only 4 small payments of $60 /month
ok
:D
trongle by cubic
Simplemente Hermoso, merece Epic 7 stars (en mi humilde opinion)
really cool :)
ughhhh
YES
one of the parts is a little hard to see in, but for the most part this is pretty interesting :p
my heart
Good level :))
some parts have awkward gameplay or color, anyway nice theme lvl, also last part is really pretty
very hard but cool
4cp gg!
gg
nice colors
gg
great concept, but i cant see anything.
GG rate 7stars :)
It's 7*/GG!
wow great level
gg!
Okey!
GG =D
I regret dying
g
THIS IS SO GOOOOOD  I LOVE IT
GG's.
what the hell is killing me here lmao
GG!
there your cp
Really Simple and Effective! I Like this a lot
GG! :)
Love that starred-diamond background, so simple yet so beautiful :)
h
Where's my cp
congrats on your first rated level :D
dosent look like the comments understood the title.
43% is followed by a late green orb it is no bug
fixed some bugs enjoy
ignoring the left side of my screen flickering constantly this is pretty good
Cool Concept + Great Glow
Heh, even with a stupid 97% death, this was still fun! gg! :3
this level is awesome!!!!!
lol
cool
this is really cool!
hacker below me :o
Thanks for inviting me to collab with you, this was really fun to build and it turned out great! <3
@xLunaire hi
YOOOOO split notice me
Aww
didnt know what was going on in the spider, but love the colors
Dude, the spider was like SHOCKING you know, I didn't expect that, cool level btw!
I play levels like this to calm down after map pack grind 
Clean design + fun gameplay! Love the color as well :)
someone: builds a spike slightly  off a block everyone: wow!!!!!!!!
of course aaa <3
I accidently got the coin LOL
Nice colours
This is awesome! Good job you two! owo
i have  noooo idea how i beat that spider part first try,  GG
A very fun gameplay with some classic modern deco, spider part's deco is a bit messy to sight read
The hands all over the Spider section are actually very distracting...
woah, is that really a recent level? this is good!
awesome level
gg coin
dont take my comment too seriously, I just want to say than this is Awesome! :D
I loved this level, great job!
C.A.T.S IS cool game xd
Secret way = free level. GG! :) (Thanks Olivka3)
YO who else plays C.A.T.S here
With a few little changes like the sudden transition at 21%, this could get epic rating. good work !
Awesome level! Good effects and design, Epic Bossfight. Please Rob rate the Epic rating & get daily!
Somehow interesting.
Neat art but i cant tell what is an obstacle and whats not, deco is also kinda messy as well..
how is this not epic?
eyy thanks mods! ;D
used secret way
this is from a game called C.A.T.S
maffaka
i cant be the only one who assumed those traffic cones were spikes. XD
free stars!
recent 8*s have been such a trainwreck
dude you got shaggy to comment. gg
very good design and effects :)
THATS C.A.T.S GAME
sw
my girlfriend just broke up with me
who else died at the "no u" spike
Amasing usage of glow and colors 
Eyyy,my first 1000 likes in my level :D
:0
WHATTTTT?!!!! IN 1 DAYYYY HOLYYY CRAAPPPP
Who else thinks that this should be an epic?
GG all coins 7000 stars!
I see good potential here, decent level :)
If you disabled black trees, your a comunist
Yooo nicely done. Could do some polishing but not bad! Also thanks for the dedication :))
:00 CONGRATS!
Eyyy 2K likes!!!,it keeps going up.thank you so much guys =D
2 attempts, 3 coins.  Really fun level with nice artwork and design
haha the original by libann should at least get a star rate
not epic featured? rob is on drugs 
thx <3
epic
Woah,2 mods in a row XD
Update : Fix bug at 90% (:
Congratulations with your first rated level! :)
Daily level 
fun gameplay, nice design too
holy crap this gameplay is so fun 
Thomartin sent this for a star rate, good luck :)
Love it!
Good!
Really fun gameplay!
pretty fun :)
This is daily level material, but I feel it's a little outdated and underpolished. Star rate.
congrats for your first cp!
GG! 1 att 2 coins :) fun gameplay
MY GAME CRASHED WHEN I BEAT IT NOOO
ta bonito :)
Im so happy for you bro! congrats!
10k stars again on 2 weeks c:
lets gooooo broooo GG
GG fun lvl! and congrats on your first Cps!
Pretty good!
fun fact: teal used to be my 3rd-4th favourite color
"ship part was cool"
whos 5aturn xd
DrCuber makes Cube-Only extreme demon, What happens next will shock you.
why is W pronounced double U when its clearly a double V?
GOOD AF
Fun fact: the icon is actually a square, not  cube.
mfs be like 1 h4v3 4n unc0ntr0114bl3 typ1ng qu1rk
#rate 
amogus
Among us
FINALLY RATED, LETS GOOO! :D
ship part was nice
amogus, like if you agree.
cmon  mods
monochrome amogus
4th extreme. 10.991 attempts and a really cool experience. Hard predrop but really fun demon !
putatus 
sus lvl
Fluke from 42 GG
sus amongus
today i'm smoking weed
i smoked weed
really level
it looks really cool but kinda hard to tell difference between arrow and spike but maybe it's just me
pass 123456
This goes crazy
GG! 19 attempts :)
NEW HARDEST LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
By far your best level ever Ten! This shit slaps!!
DUDE
who is here after nexus
gg
GG 569 atts
GG! :)
NOOO THE LEVEL JUST TURN INTO MEDIUM DEMON NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
GG! :) 77 Attempts! Very rainbow design, the last cube is nice, quite unusual! Good and fun level!
i desliked yall comments!
GG 65 Attempts! Pretty Fun but I don't like the last cube very much!
Medium Demon imo
cool, love the vibes and colors
for context, the name is a reference to knots who said he does the title and gdcobs wedding canceled
pringles with a high concentration of water
ULDM Pls
Secret way at 0%. Just click in the orange orbs and you automatically go to 20%
I wish the name fit with the theme of the level
xD 1 attempt
Looks like cold sweat
HOW IS THIS 3*??? EKEK4M5KTRMRCNFMRME
Niceee ^^!
wet pringles
Simple, but cool! :)
rinsed pringles from air
this level is bad since you said it in the desc
an aquired taste
GG, 1,000,000 orbs!!
I hate the new pringles logo and this level does too
Thanks for free stars
heh
1 attempt. nice gameplay
GG!! :)
The heck is this map pack styled gameplay
who else died on that first spike
hard to play but very cool concepts
some issues with optimization here but dope atmosphere
great atmosphere but please dont make custom orbs and pads, we're not in 2.0
GG! Horrible gameplay
dawg I can't see the spikes 
first jump took me 4 attempts
There are some ceilings in the second part that i keep hitting and dying
cant see the spikes at the beginning
Coin 1: Do not tap at 18% Tap the blue orb then tap again
Coin 2: Hold the dash orb at 61% late till 69%
i beat the level
Ayy!
is hard but Good Level
blind gameplay but still cool style
if you told me this was a remake of a 1.4 level i would believe you
so what am I supposed to do
cool
not a big fan of this one... GG on  rate though
GAMING!!!
This is actually surreal to own a rated extreme. Thank you guys :)
cool :)
3rd victor and 691 attempts! very good level gg :)
awesome
Please for the love of god rate this back to extreme
Really good stuff
Great to see another solo extreme verified by its creator, especially on mobile. Good job, dashiell!
gg
who else is looking at the most recent extreme demons?
Nice work! :)
gaming
#moddashiell10
I FLUKED IT FROM 60% WHAT
Try to avoid leaking the passcode. You find it on the youtube video.
epic
amazing job on verifying. sick level mate.
LETS GOOOOO IT FINALLY GOT RATED! CONGRATS ON YOUR FIRST EXTREME RATE, DASHIELL! :D
I DONT DESERVE TSHI
2ND EXTREME LES GOOO
181,000 Stars, GG! :)
pog
jump at 96% '\('-')/`
thanks dude x2
Not bad, sent :)
Imagine tu build un level en 1 jour qui fait 72k objects :pedog:
that ending ruined the level for me
this is sooooo bad gp
bro like seriously
who else died at the end?
yo wtf
nouwik 2 faste 4 u
this level litteraly has THREE parts of gameplay, and all of them are sh1t!
bruh
raios
no
F*** this level
lol 3 star *proceeds to look at difficulty rating*
the last part so....uh
lol
popici
is that a minecraft villager with bunny ears?
20% long endscreen ._.
gg my man <3
800 Stars!!! this should be a Normal 3* though in my opinion :)
Who else did this in 1 attempt?
Prave jsem onemel uzasem 8)
me encanto la verdad :)
Cool Level! GG
milujem
GG's.
level design is so cool :)
pekny level
G O D
Cool :)
dobry levelos
it is incredible!
cool!!
gg
chill?
A little too simple for my liking but solid atmosphere
reupload number 712527
Not bad, sent :)
If you like this comment I will tell you victorias secret...
GG! :)
please give it star rate
Amazing  ;)
smo
nice song
so darn beautiful
GG :).
amazing level! :D
GG nice mini level Xd
GG!
Good
Interesting
Zzzzzzzz
h
GG!! 1 Att <3
bruh
I verfied de golden les go finally
Can't you hear, can't you hear the thunder? You better run, you better take cover.
PYCCKUE ECTb?
niiiiiiiiice
Very fun level, sent :)
Petition for Daily? (0.0001% chance), just leave a like here
SICK
Nothing too ground-breaking but it's decently done.
Thanks for 10 Choco Pieces Robert, now rate Neon Comet by J0eyonGD
You can turn on uldm with ldm only
rain
KPACABA
awesome
update soon *waiting*
The umbrella breaks at the spider xD
Really Cool 
COINS: 1. Avoid the green orb at 32% 2. Go up at 66% 3. Free
This should be epic
I LOOVE ITTT!!
@Davo wait, I really didnt fix your name? I FORGOT
Your cp? Nah. Our cp.
coin: spam at the beginning (alt way), invis trigger at 17, skip blue orb at 23 (alt way 2). coin 63
@Umbraleviathan why deez nuts   :'(
easy demon rate
this level is definitely a meme
that death effect is ebic wdym   :'(
chay qua anh oi.
great job, really clean and fun!
Mai la anh em...
btw don't go to the editor, I warned you
I found this in the 69th page
i accept all the critisms as long as you guys take into account that this level only contains cube
Anh ban a...
That's so cool dude! I bet this will get epic :)
lol
avast ur ass
anh emmmmmmm
The last part is Super!   :0                                 (and other)
avast whos ass!!!!!!
very nice :)
great level! definitely feature worthy. I wish there are more original twists in travel lvl formula.
bastante epico gracias por la dedicacion :DD!!
Really cool, I like the atmosphere! Sent :)
Claim your "I got here before Nexus" ticket--->
Nice work, sent :)
had a blast verifying this, gp was a bit awkward but getting consistent was really rewarding
pass is 159753 :)
thanku so much everyone :D
pinkie te odio
dream travel but easier
brother this is epic. I wait and get the rate soon it deserves it too much :3<3
GG! 130 attempts, very beautiful deco but some orbs feel misplaced :(
agregen uldm >:v
GG! :)
lIkE iF u CoMe FrOm NeXuS
F E A T U R E D
Los que vienen por Nexus
Great job! This turned out pretty good, hope to see it rated :)
like if you came from nexus
when this gets rated, I'll work on this, really nice level!
we love mieszkac w swiniarsko
pro tip: dont put arrows that looks like spikes.
funny coins
9 likes lol
gameplay sucks
LIKE = DIOS  IGNORA=DIABLO
qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnm
this is sick
jebac bydgoszcz
niezly kutas mordo
great level :)
GG! Free coins :)  enjoyable gameplay!!
The fake spikes succ...
this lvl gave me a stroke while reading a level name
Like if your name is not Jeff
White pulses on these blocks are way too bitght atm
How do you get past 20%???
is 20% bugged
ja nie mieszkam w smieciowisku XD
fortnite is trash
i want to sex this
this name is very creative, not because it's only one letter, but because it has a meaning
beans
I have 19 wives
woahhh this is woahahhh
I LOVE YOU ROBBB YOU LEGEND
new level out 
hard to read
Azure Skies 2 got featured!?!?!? (real)
Secret way fixed AGAIN lol
Epic level. Really unique :0
Yooo, this is actually really cool! Reminds me of Spinchland. Amazing job, man! :D
cant even imagine how many objects this is
I farted on your wife
jj
so creative and hot
a hot man with 7 cp when
GG's. Great theming/ideas, but the game play was insanely unclear/unenjoyable I'm afraid.
NEED TIP COMEMNT
Jota
Good level, sent :)
ESTOY FELIZ STDYFYHJWEISKAKZKKDAK
muy bonito, ojala puedas obtener tus primeros  cp <3
Bienvenido a Bolivia
No den dislikes a lo tonto pls.
Like if you hate Bolivia
Good level but its pretty buggy
c le revienta el celular*
it says the song is not alowed for use
GG!
GG 100 estrellas, Felicidades Xiaomy! :D
GG muy Buen Nivel amigo =)
SIIII GGG JWKADLOSOOFIDOl
Primeros 2 cps asegurados
No mames Xaiomy! Felicidades por el Primer cp! Te lo merecias!!! :D
hermoso nivelaso
There's a hz bug in the first spider section where you get launched upward, had to complete on 60
GG en el featured ;)
la ballena azul 
LET'S FRICKING GOOO! XIAOMY HAS FEATURED LEVEL!!!!!!!!!!!!
Fun level, sent :)
im going to use this song in my wedding
Have a Free last coin ^-^ !
31K user coins, GG!! :D
Demon xd
9*
Awesome! You have improved alot in gp and deco
Cool :)
nice, nice...
pretty fun
esto va a tener estrellas
GGWP XD ;) 
Here, before it gets rated! lol
govno
g
Nice! :D
GG :)
i like this for what it is
Clear
what is going on
epico brou
cool demon
pro
Passcode: 367367, Like this!
GG 54 attempts! :D
Thanks for let me verified it, good work guys <3
Ggggg!!! B)
Good level, sent :)
noice
GG! :)
ta re piola!!!!!!
the bejinnjing
Yoooo :D
underrated 
55 att in practice. id say hard demon
I dont like the beginning ship but the rest is a banger :)
 
82,000 stars, GG  ^^
Clear
exuse me but this is a mid hard demon
Very nice :D
because im awesome
cool despite some not so good parts
GG! :)
180 attempts, gg!
quite a lovely level
Pretty sweet :)
GG FINALY!! :^) 11/2/21 (4,147 ATTEMPTS)
this is peaceful
I was here :3
This level sucks.
17th global leaderboard GG!
hi pauze
one the best and easiest insane demon, I've played, 863att
GG 3800 demons! :D
Secret way at the end btw
NOOOOOOOO D':
30 likes lol
this should NOT be extreme
why are mods even here
really really cool level, interesting and enjoyable gameplay
GG!
oh
why god no please why aaa
awesome level brimbid
First victor. Also, here before feature :)
Amazing level, GG! :)
108 attempts (+ 3 coins). #1421
GG 3 Coins! 58 Attempts! Demon 1100! :)
Am I the only one that wants this epic? Brimbis your talented.
cmon you got this!!!
GG! 49 attempts, had some bad luck :(
i have no words
i want to set the end on fire
the ending brings this from a 8/10 to a 2/10 imo
probably one of my favorite demons, #32, 182 attempts.
I died to every X at the end and I'm proud xD
GG :) 60 Attempts! Very fun and cool level!
idek what im doing im just clicking
one of the coolest levels I've played :)
Nice level, sent :)
Piola
gg
nice level :thumbsup:
GG! :D
GG MANO! 15 CPS :D!!
IF THIS DOESNT GET FEATURED ROBS STUPID
like if u r from daily
co ai viet nam ko?
what we doin
Fun and very sightreadable
this level defines the hard rating perfectly.
1k Stars! GG!
jj
GG! Good stuff :)
WOW!! This Level Is Amazing!!! :)
gg
88% skipped the ufo with wave!!!
ouch
GG! ~Hard 4* IMO :)
For Chron44 :3 and the people they showed my levels too 
looks and plays great apart from a few transitions
Medium demon my fkin 4ss.
bloons reference the name
neat :)
first cube is hard demon, but the rest is easy/medium demon
no deaths at the last cube thank god, annoying gameplay
imma going to beat this
GG! :)
v1.1 deco fixes
chilly innit?
GG! 17 attempts, great atmosphere :)
I like men
love this level
hopfully a mod sees this :D
How tf is this a medium demon?
v1.2 changelog will be on my twit (its mainly just nerfs tweaks and gameplay changes)
wonderful level
come on
gg 620 atts
The guy below me is gay
im gay
someone went ham on the cymbals
DaG (I liked this level a lot lmao it was super fun)
pogu
like if have dad
WHY ARE THE CYMBALS SO LOUD IN THE SONG
like if you hate 3%
Is it just me or is this the only level that is super laggy?
Pass : 170921 like pls
alv 300 likes y tiene featured >:l
more like LaG
this level is terrible so buggy and has too much invisible auto if you show a jump indicator and i 
click, then why would there be an invisible pad that kills me if i click this is a 6* not a 2*
dont take this seriously bcs im mad but this gp is dogshit
ANOTHER ONE OF MY TRACKS YEEEEE
how to get past first jump orb?
gg!!
fua re lag XD
DaGzMeN (im so stupid)
Chuvak klassniy lvl maffake otpravb
really need color combos, but work on varying your designs from time to time
HA XAPAKTEPE KOHKPETHO
the fullscreen transitions with gamemode names are very distracting and make the level unreadable
the sync and colors are sooo cool | sent !!
2cp Russkiy pozdravlyaU s pervim Rated level :)
transitions are too sudden but i like it :)
here before feature
GG! 34.000 stars :)
congratz with feature :)
designs aren't anything special, but the colors help carry this to at least a rate honestly
Was here before featured
GG! :) + all three coins ;)
Net blin, mne
I just woke up and seen it...
FIRST RATE AND FEATURED AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
horrible gameplay. I refuse to believe this took 2 months.
cool my friend, congrats!
Zbs lvl 
great colors :)
:)))
itisgreatandfun
2ND COIN: Don't activate the trigger at 65%/66%
@thazm the only difference between YE and NIGHT is that NIGHT is actually a good song
freaking epic level happy to help out with the crazy kooky coins
cool colors and fun gameplay, what more could you ask for?
Pass : 693145 like pls
110 clicks at the start lol
the first coin is so hard..
easely 8 stars
im vibing with these colors
okay
that 1st coin is a pain to collect
look at what it says under the counter
Fun 1st coin :)
great level
looking good
1 attempt gg
my highest on the wave is 103 and my lowest is 10. Whats Yours?
GG! :)
I really like the gameplay in this, flows very nicely
this looks like Acheron or Crowd Control.
pass is 750075
GhostVandalf loves among us
Press Control + Alt + Delete to open the security menu
The ID tho lol
Ok cool fluke... Anyways this level is amazing :D
Tell me why I thought it said "DM GIRLS
Pass is 750075
gg
Rent241 says fart
no se como
ctrl key is broke sad game moment
hey :)
lols
comlayze DID NOT clear
amazing level! fluke from the ship at 70% really my type of level
GG
it got rated today
that ID is epic
i had a dream where 2.2 came out and i cried when i woke up :(
if someone says a dream joke im shooting them
Holy carp someone actually used the J block.    GG!
im sorry for the transition ill fix it
GG's. The transitions are quite abrupt, but overall it's a cool level.
yea bad transition
Las transiciones no son lo tuyo bro :(
transitions are too sudden
Good level :0
gg 48k stars, beat while in my first period lol
fix transition, the rest good
this level is proof that colors can carry a level. nice level!
Like this comment if you like this comment
was that j block even remotely necessary
really unpolished, but i love the ideas in this!
holy crap its a level
:)
ez
50k thank you so much guys <3
76% is dumb
I feel like this could be a bit better but it's not too bad, sent for rate :)
The coin is at 6% of the level, Good luck ;)
no tengo mis deberes
out of sync but the decoration is not bad!
Ya no saben de que poner en lo nombres jajaj
fun facts: arandano is a fruit
bug should be fixed now :)
46,000 stars ;)
GGWP XD ;) TOP LEVEL 50 ._.   COIN -> 6%  ._.
me gustan los arandanos :)
COIN: Skip the pink orb at 5%
thank you for giveing oportunitey for this participete  in collab <3 :D :3
I like it! 
Frambuesas
Platanos >:D
y is this a random timing?
Yo i love this <3
wow you're really good at glow
secret way :v
theres some solid color combos and designs but the lack of cohesion brings the quality down sadly
how exciting do you find aeon vids exactly
i forgor
i rember
coins: 6%, 98%
Interesting, but the description says more than I'd need to
almost as exciting as May 25, 2020
rip aeon i guess
Relaxing Level GG
Genial :3
easy to sightread and looks noice :)
Gg!!!TopNum117 2Coins:)
deco too much repetitive, but intresting
gg 180 user coin
nice dream!
h
so good
Nice
144 clicks lol
esta cansion se parece a sunlit thunderscapes creo que asi era
imaginense que lo use como alarma jksjskjsjjajajja
The fact that this guy doesn't have an epic yet is actually a sin.
walking paradox
gameplay is horrible after 30-ish% but the design is okay.
huge thanks to xer07 and sluqs for helping with the replacement song
woof
Great level! i dont like upsidedown waves tho
Honestly the gameplay isn't the best...
I hate the wave part
this song is horrible! please tell me theres supposed to be a replacement song
I don't think the gameplay is bad, actually it goes well with the song
Taking a wild guess but i have a very small feeling that this might not be the right song
Now that F**k is in a rated level, please rate WRAP
when the ball
Akward gameplay.
ive never wanted to be done with a level more than now
it took me about a week to realize this was nong
song is shit
full of bugs
this was made in 2.1 right?
Annoying...gg
Coin: The ship passes below at 29% and the coin is at 44%. =)
its  featured, Jonny!
really cooool
grandmas dvds r kinda sus my guy
Coin: 29% and 44% low gravity mini Robot :^)
thanks for using my song :)
This makes me feel an emotion that doesn't exist
there is no way that last ship is 4star
Story Time: I Was In My Grandma's Basement Rewatching DVD's And I Found Something Non-PG. Thanks Mum
grandma has some crazy lookin dvds
gg nice level
Please fix
bruh
this is cool :)
1 att gg
E
my grandmas is dead ...
Wait, THIS ISN'T EPIC? Well, I guess I'm buying myself a plane ticket to Sweden
song name is true
my grandma dvds consited of office space, the hunger games, and porco rosso
Spider gang let's gooooooo
First victor! Amazing level, hope this gets epic
Sometimes I forget that every blunt is different
swG
we need lil darkie's reaction to this
White girls boutta go crazy
wow
my cat jumped on my table mid attempt
Excited for all the mods to sweat profusely because the original song swears
GG! 125 attempts, very fun and great theming :)
2nd ever n word rating
I fixed the gameplay you guys can stop whining now ty lol <3
the 2nd wave makes me drop to 30 fps so can ldm be more useful ?
GG! :)
gg
very cool
Some parts are extremely unoptamized. Most of the transitions are wack. Fun Though.
the wave at 65% is the worst creation by any one person ever, but other than that i liked it
Its okay for music to not be about anything.
I
Pretty cool level, sent :)
THANKS ALOT GUYS!!!!!!
And THAT, kids, is why you should alwase touch toggle orbs.
Este va a ser el Primer Featured del Pana Diamond.
all coins!
like if you died at 1%
Congratulations for the first featured. =)
1,000 user coins.
level looks good but the gp sux
Nice.
nice level
GG for featured ;)
GGGG!! Muchisimas felicidades bro por tu primer featured!! :)
Pass is 141414
GG 2000 ESTRELLAS :)
Neat level dude :)
GG! Free coins :)
Best ending: DiamondStorm Gots FEATURED
really good hope this can get star rated or featured
this mobile unresponsive bug has gotta go
Nice :)
My first creator points. This is a heartmelting feeling, thank you all.
for the coin: tap the red button on the 33-34
Rob, feature this level or I break into your house and do it myself.
It's On
this really needs be noticed :)
Looks pretty amazing my friend, GG and congrats for your first feature rate! :)
pretty nice level, it better get featured
fire level... or should i say water ;P
gg, 44.9k stars
if this doesnt get featured i will cry
needs a rate
gg endyn you beautiful lad :D
GG on your first CP!
Good job man. :)
Nice level, gg on first cp :)
Congratulations for finally getting your wish true, friend.
Nice
comments werent working for me for 5 minutes, turns out i was using a chinese keyboard lol
thanks for the dedication :D
Happy birthday to your sister! :)
The level is amazing!, happy birthday to your sister;)
Dayli level
1 attempt gg, hbd to your sister
buen nivel, sabroso con yuca
The Decorations is very good/Cute, so i like it. But, the gameplay is starting to be blinky. GL. =)
nice level
Me encantan los arts del nivel OwO <3
really good level sent :)
cool and beautiful level! GG free coins:)
Dhraw, this is very good, i like this song and happy birthday to your sister :)
beautiful! :)
Good Job Guys!!
Gameplay is hard to read... Nice level overall
muy bonito nivel! c:
GG! :)
GG!
Really bad Transition. Good level overall :)
How is this not epic???
happy birthday to your sister :D
Falar en portugues, aprender a hablar frances, o bajar la luna hasta tus pies.
if i had a cent for all like if comments, jef bezos would look poor
Like for another closer day to 2.2 ;)
EL QUE ESTE LEYENDO ESTO ES UN CRACK!
I GOT MOD
Nice one :)
how to get mod: you dont
Breaking News: Local Pizza Place Sued For "OutPizzaing" The Hut
Life if you hate the first word.
si
if you read this your wasting time in life
I prolly finish Digital Descent, beat Crazy III then we go with Disaster verification
Cool bug Fact's:        One day you will pay for your actions
<hyperlink blocked>
say hi mom in the chat
I GOT MOD
alguem br
imagine kidnapping princess peach, then 4 minutes, 54 seconds, and 948 ms later you die
chill mine lmao <3
this year was far better than 2020
Good level, sent :)
Who else got the 2nd coin on accident?
first coin: 7% don't click the the visible dash orb, click one below of it invisible!
cool but a tiny bit boring at some parts
Coin are at 7, 29 and 87!
like if you beat retray
Wonderful
In my profile i have a menssage for you <3 (not spam)
change the n in the title for a S and you get susset HAHA LOL DING DING DING WHEN THE IMPOSTER IS SU
first coin at 7% GG :D *lo critica*
GG!
the rated level below this one is called goodbye and then there's this level's song's name
i died when looking at the art lol
I found this level really creative. Overall, it need more polishing but still is a solid one
let's go!!!!!!!!!!
Game over super mario world ?
hold at end of second upside down platform without jumping and get a coin
gg 8 attempts 3 coins
this is my new warmup level. Also my new favorite level
really nice  bro
what's the DEAL wiTh AiRLinE FoOd
h
Did you just say FRICK on my christain gd game??!?!
Remove " Mindf " from the title and add Roll at the end we will get
empty
burger
Some parts are empty tbh, gameplay is pretty enjoyable :)
a mod could say "h" and get top comment. wait... that already happened...
awesome job to both of you
A bit empty in some parts for sure, still a very nice level overall
GG 1200 demons
Pretty fun! :) Sent
i beat it before krisking
to send this to robtop click                    [here lol]
Fun level, sent! :)
GG
GG! 9 attempts brain did not work lol ;)
Z e n t h i c  A l p h a
Like if you was here before rate :))
holy frick
if this gets 50 likes i will poop at school
mod comment
Came to see crystals, saw spikes instead :(
really good maybe some block designs could have some variations but i really like it ! Sent :)
fixed a 60hz bug at 39% :3
ur so beautiful zermoim
like this comment to make skrypto cry
based level got da rate :fire:
YOOOO CONGRATS ON THIS RATE, ZERO! YOU DESERVED IT! :D
I FLUKED THE LAST SHIP WHATTTT?????!?!?!???!
Password is : 112516
gg
stop commenting on my level zyxario
1% after 123456789 attempts
el de aqui avajo le gusta el p3n3
I hate this level
good level, bad experience.
 GG :)
It this gets 69 likes ill jump off the grand canyon 0_0
GG NEW HARDEST 42 409 Attempts!
Good level, sent :)
feature or I download tiktok (yeah, high stakes here)
if rubrub doesnt feature i will put legos in his shoes
1 more "this comment is hacked you cant like it and im quitting this game
bon niveau
Definitely your best level , sent !
I love the atmosphere in this, great work. :)
This level should be included in the map pack!
Thanks for the feature!
waiting for epic
nice backgrounds
GG! 1 Attempt & 26.3k stars :D
This feels fresh! :)
its so sad and buetiful
love the atmosphere here
24k stars :D
nice lvl 1att
Amazing level
nice
cool
if any other person made this level, it would not be featured
not feature worthy
crazy how some creators can make the most bland and uninspired levels and get rates consistently
gn <3 i stayed up a while to look at comments now im sleeping fr lol
Braeden cant sleep because she cant beat Insomnia. Hahahahaha No one? Ok....
The level was only featured because its a BradenTheCroc level. no hate, but yea
GG!... Pro tip: Close your eyes and sleep.
how tf did this get rated at all
Featured? Hm...
wow this is definitely a throwback to those old neon 1.9 levels like lucid dreams. nice level.
this is why ive lost all motivation to create RopTop only rates pity cp to vets
Copy paste x15, How this Featured lol
the idea here is really cool although it feels a tad lackluster, i like
Featured??? its just copy paste! also why tf is it 3 stars
so much copy and paste it doesnt deserve a feature
copy and paste lol.I'm getting dejavu vibes.
i can make a level better than this and im shit at creating, why is this rated?
exactly and i dont know why rob keeps rating these stuff
This was a nice level, glad I popped into the recent tab
Goodnight Brae <3
mobile player never clear
a rated lvl with 300 downloads and 50 likes?
GG! 1 coin
underrated level
I BEAT LUCID NIGHTMARES jk
n.n
why no rate
G
Yay, finally! :D
GG :)))
Cool and fun
anyone else think this is maybe a tad easy for 8*?
GG nice project :D
Love the concept !
GG! :)
Nice!
GGs on 200 likes!
GG on 1600 downloads as well!
ooga booga
Cool
s0 w3'r3 u5ing numb3r5 t0 t4lk n0w huh
i dont like this gameplay one bit
Gameplay is dogwater (Dont dislike me)
wait. did something unplug from my pc?
It's not bad design wise, but holy shit the gameplay is annoying. Rate only.
Like if you can read ma-ma-ma poker face.
Decoration isn't that bad, but gameplay is awful
good visuals but this definitely should have been a 10 star lol
this is a terrible level
robtop you cant rate levels like this your encouraging them to make more
oh sht its me below
hard
sus
que mierda es esta?
those faces are scaring me
Very cool as always! Like your stuff! :)
horrible transition
Lady Gaga Will Copyright You
first
why is there a callmecarson body pillow all over the first part
good level but tahsen made it so i have to hate it
What an amazing level my friend!
Gameplay could be better but it looks very good, sent :)
gameplay needs work so many skips you can do and bugs and cant tell where to jump sometimes
Sick level, the gameplay is pretty hard to read though, sent :)
I like the colors and design :) . The gp could use some work tho :p
cool colors :)
really good work guys maybe gameplay needs some focus but i liked this mega , sent :)
PLEASE PLEASE MAKE A REAL LOW DETAIL MODE
W level
passcode 091221
who is tahsen
WOOOOOO
to much lag
the ldm does absolutely nothing, seriously?
GG! 95 atts, Demon #997 :)
39k stars GG! :D, okay level imo
GG! :)
GG 16 attempts!
GG :^)
Rebeat in 1 attempt LOL
if this comment gets 69 likes i will swallow gum
this is like, extreme demon but, yk, here before the fame?
GG! :)
Insane Demon,i think
Pass is 696969
why rob not rate this epic level?
my fav level, now im serious
wow diorite man very hard map
insane demon prob
GG! :) 920 Attempts! Truly unusual, lots of spam and sections with waves, but lagging! Very fun lvl!
GG, really fun overall despite the incredibly hard ending. I like the design as well, good job :)
hard demon is the automatic rating but yeah i still think this is an insane-extreme
extreme demon!
this feels like nerved Impossible Demon
ok rob what r u doing this is not a hard demon
BACK TO REALITY
underrated
u with nexus??
GGGGGGGGGG!!!!!!!
make this top comment to outpass mods
The long intro scene and unreadable gameplay make this pretty unenjoyable. Colors are nice though.
GG! :)
toooooooo long intro
GG! 47 attempts, very nice art but the first click being at 11% makes this annoying to play :(
Who the fvck is Joe, and why is he mama?
This is so cool I love it
I keep dying to bugs :(
This intro is so boring it made my owl sleep at night
My 1700th demon :D GG!
So f**king good. Pretty much zero complaints with the gameplay. Amazing work! Fluke from 57%.
this is my kingdom come
GG! #1541
GG! :) 65 Attempts! Cool pixel style, I liked the music! Very fun level!
Mobile crashers :D
joe balls
first of all HOW and secont great work on the intro
GG 500 demons :D
dont like the long intro and the last ship, otherwise it's really cool!
gg
deco is a little inconsistent in quality, but overall a fun level :)
GGGGG Finishedd
Really good color combination with blue, purple and pink! Looks very good! :)
Black screen problem fixed, dm me if you find any bugs/glitches pls
Oversaturated and empty in the bg at times, but the block design is really nice!
should be 9 stars
good level
im telling mineber of this level. hope u ready for ur first cp. :)
IT GOT RATED GG <33
52att gg :)
Hey is feat, congratulations  ;D
YEAHHHHHHHHHHH GG MAN
Wow, this is amazing! I never thought I'd get to play this level. <3
Complete
GG!
YOOOOOOOOO
ty!
ty @mircloudy
Okey!
Good level !
suffers from the same issue other megacollabs have of inconsistency unfortunately
The second part feels like it has major decorating issues.
this is a good mega but please fix the 3d move in the last block of the first part :) 
This Level Was A Collaboration Between Me And RealWhatamelon Thank You For The Opportunity
big time
gg on passing me once again whata
Heyyyy its finally finished!!!! <3
actually decent for today's standards
I think this is more a 7 than a 8 stars
nice
79K Stars! :) [26/9/2021]
not a prequel to rebirth II :sadsphere:
really cool parts in this level! but some are a bit underwhelming. Still, fun to play tho!:) Gj
thanks for letting me make a part <3
LSt0rm, realwhata, CreatorLogman, Sedgehog, xSynthi, Sedgehog, TruongWF, Exvii, iMina, Viaat.
This was also polished by LordeQuacc :) Shoutout to Lst0rm for being the OG host btw <3
66% first att
#58 on leaderboards, solid level
fixed :)
GG! :)
do mods really expect top comments becaue they have a happy meal badge
,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
The mix of styles are awesome
Fun level, sent :)
Hola, Guitar
Accept cookies                                                           [here]
could this be 100
  
nemy level mix
gamer
pass: 123456 :fsh:
@ScrapzGD wh OMEGALUL ?
connot
This is basically Connots level ebebeb if he did design. Still looks great though
1 2 3 coins: tap trigger end
crying
remember back in the day when "sus" was a ytp joke and not an annoying meme
everyone message justjohn saying "finish movements loser"
one like for more sexy boobs lol wtf
coca cola espuma
one like for 2.2                                                              [here]
I cannot understand anything but this looks cool
like if you came from nexus
rip mobile players
honestly im just glad im in a collab that didn't die for once.
this is super cool !!!!
Project Arrhythmia is my favorite game.
I literally didn't practice after 63% and did it first try in normal mode??? 
oh well... it's just an collab i had to finish ;)
ldm fixed and added uldm
gg featured
GG! :)
why no epic rob
I accidentally found a secret path, I hope they fix it.
bossrush
gg on mobile 72 att
GG! :)
nicee
GG! 59 attempts, the luckiest completion I have ever had in GD :O
i didnt come from nexus, i saw nf89s part (second boss) in discord lmao
Pls don't made Troll Gameplay in Med of level, Crap Creator @_@
freaking loved this, gg on cp
roblox death sound moment
kinda feels like cold sweat
Nice!
when i did in roblox
ouufffff
good job !!
GG 1800 stars :))
GG's. 50-70% was quite annoying to learn, but cool level nonetheless!
This shouldnt be placed so far down! I love this! Congrats on the cp as well!
awesome!
GG!
Kinda bad
2 attempts gg, 9 old.
I like the word "ok". Its simple. i love it.
GG! 
#68
a
Love the song
really clean gameplay!
thanks so much for finishing this, it turned out great!
fun gameplay and clean deco!
password 934343 like so others can see :)
21
Not bad, by need some movements)
robtop get your butt over here
doesnt work on high refresh rates
wow
.
never celebrate too early children! :)
never thought a rated level could have good gameplay, GG!
1 Like = 1 Cookie
tricky gameplay!
1,500 stars :D
gg both coins
21
Awesome! Hope it gets featured soon, it's in the magic tab.
Wow
9 + 10 = 98?!?!?
Gente attenti alla burla
@Pugmaster938 sounds like a skill issue
quando rilasci voltaic ma non e' piu' il twenneone day
glad this is featured and not rated :mssob:
just so you know, i cringe everytime i see a 100% comment without any proof of completion
@AAAAAlex don't worry, I banned them all :)
not funny, didn't laugh
this level getting rated is pretty swag, congratulations alex
19
la sbura
entro la 2.2 lo completo. segnatevelo
don't advertise your levels i will literally delete the comments stop thx
fluke from 74%, senza burla fammokw
TOSAERBA
GG
Domy verified this in about a week, i built this in like 3 and half speedrunning months
lolll
well shet i forgot to make it copyable
Banger song choice and I like the energy this has :o
prob my new favorite lvl in the game ima beat this soon
Really cool, next time work better on the gameplay :)
Not bad in terms of design, but the gameplay needs a lot to improve.
Nice art :)
coin added, thanks for the rate rob <3
GG first coin : 1% jump, second coin : 18% spider, third coin : last ship get all purple coins :)
found a transition bug at 67%, nice level bro
why is this level so hard
that was one of the worst levels i've ever played
good lvl just the ufo/ship parts its hard to know when u need to jump and after tht i died 44% bug
most laggy level i ever played
como gallinas muero alli?
Nice one, sent :)
game play needs work
GG All Coins.
like if you found the first coin
oh no, bugs
Amazing :D
this gp sucks! so bad and glichy
I hate this gameplay!
:)
why does the FUNKYpercy logo look like po!nHub
Sent :)
gg, pretty fun ;)
you and me gotta make something one day... Our spooky styles are quite alike
Good work!
Amazing level :)
i lofvec D
4 att all coins :] Fun level
33 + 33 =
nice
cool
33333 stars thats nice
h
gg , with all coins too :)
i love the deco !
"I don't have those" - some edgy 14yr
GG #92 on level leaderboard 3 coins!
GG! All coins, great level :)
nice but laggy
gg nice))
i get it! i get that joke! it's a reference to the popular video game "among us" created in 2018 whi
the first part is really good (i made it)
ch rose to popularity in 2020. the "crewmate" is a label given to characters who are playing in the
arena. what a comical reference to a funny meme!
STOP POSTING ABOUT AMONG US 
So Hard. gG
wild
we crazy with it
decent ideas and execution
unbalanced in every single aspect. horrible
sospechoso
NO SHOT
i will sabotage you and eject all my little crewmates inside of you
sus
this level makes me want to drink an entire bottle of clorox
This is just... not a 9 star, this was actually tricky
comedy
63 is bugged on 60hz
Thank u rob
GG 91 attempts! :D
ratio
ratio, it's so good.
YES YES YES ITS RATED OMG THERES NO WAY
I'm so happy I got to playtest this masterpiece! GG on the Feat bro!
GG! :)
GG! :) 297 Attempts! The second half is actually deceptive sometimes, but it's nice! Very fun level!
326 attempts. #1371
GG! 355 Attempts :)
AMOGUS!!!
amogus
ratio
really cool level, but starting at 57 it got pretty annoying for me
ratio + why cant i get lucky with a single level
Cool!
GG! 210 attempts :)
pass is 001057 now give me likes
Like if you see the Imposter :)
gg, 359 atts
i bet my life nexus is gonna play this
LETS GO DUDE
epic designs
Firts comment :p
Pass: 202104 Like pls
Pretty nice, would have been better off as a full 2.2 recreation imho.
Pretty nice :)
like if u came because of parition
thanks for the lottery spider and thanks for making the second half 20x harder than the first half:)
top lvl
Gimme your 2.2 now
wow, 2.2 is here!
partition was here!
also saw partition play this
2.2 sneak peek style???
Fix bugs
Few creators have dared to make a level inspired by the Sneak peek and that it will be this Great<3
Fondos increibles, efectos fantasticos, nivel increible, 10/10 FEATURED!!
GG! 107k stars & 24k user coins
yo estuve aca antes del rate
GG! I Can't Wait for 2.2 :D
i like this
This is the most uncomfortable Ive ever felt playing a level. I love this.
first coin is at 10% in ball, and the second jump over green orb at 29% :)
unique and amazing as always, love your levels
thanks robert
spiderman, spiderman, does whatever a spider can
o3k has truly done it
All coins :)
thanks arhax
cooooool
@natanielson do you know what chaotic means bro
:Woozy_Face:
Multiverso confirmado! :0
pizza time
@Naranielson what
GG 98,000 Diamonds! <3
fun
GG! :)
this song is me 3:58 in the morning after i woke up from a falling dream
Song reminds me of a mall after closing time
that is a lot of diamonds
YAY!!!!!
Creative, even if it's a little simple :)
i also really dont mean this as level promotion i just wanna share my interpetation of this theme
it should be illegal to have so many bangers with such an unconventional style like yours ^^
txc can you check out melancholic by me, i love this level vibe and id love for you to see mine <3
Nice level swap, love both levels!
GG! :)
Muy lindo :)
no way we got two twigxcabaret bangers in a day
GG! :)
i really do love this level
4 att, GG!
GG! :)
#194 on leaderboards
2,500 stars :)
GG
ah yes, a notification blocked my view and my day is ruined :)
gg
GG! Top 147! :D
simple `\_("/)_/`
Amazing, that drop is so intense while still being very clean. Nicely done! :)
DreamEater replaces his comment in the hopes it will not be disliked this time.
Very fun to play, great job, sent :)
This is sick omg
GG! 23 attempts :)
wtf this is so cool
impossible to sight-read but still quite enjoyable, GG
I love the atmosphere in this, the designs and everything fits so well
RATE THIS ROB
ouch
we need more levels like this
first comment
Very impressive!
:D
very awesome
#1204, really fun gameplay
Really good intensity here, but please add more movement to make it flow better :)
Really learny at the drop but if you learned it it's so much fun
this level is dedicated to me
170 Attempts, I absolutely LOVE the drop! It's so much fun!
I like the colours and designs in the first half, sent for featured
Pretty interesting, I like this :)
bro these designs are wacky and epic
Awesome
Pretty sick ngl ngl
GG! :)
GG 1.1K Users Coins! 424 Attempts! Demon 1,101!
GG! :)
el ninja pinta
ppinta el ninja
we love ppinta el ninja
Well done skele ! :)
Coin 1; hold in to orb for key, time orb at 5%. 2; miss pad at 54% and go through structures. 3; 95%
anyone remember that annoying gauntlet level with this song
banger
yeah baby that's what ive been waiting for
bro never add mini ship it never works
#1669. First coin is an attempt grinder
good
ICE CORE
Pretty neat designs but the gameplay feels pretty awkward to play, especially in the first part. :D
bug
stupid
I died to nothing...
I died to nothing...
fix this garbage at the wave from 69 to 75
gg :)
I cant pass 75%, not in practice mode either, fix the bug pls
wtf is this garbage?
me encontre este nivel en recientes xd
I died to nothing...
Took me a second but at 75%, let yourself fall into the ground and start operating the top wave :)
The end is so difficult compared to the rest of the level
god awful gameplay
nice
Sync'nt
wtf was that
Finally ! Thank for letting me make a part in it ! Nice job :D
disgusting
Cool level!
like if you have a p e n i s
Appreciate you changing the name! Nice level with good energy :)
POWER
GG! :)
GG! 27 attempts, pretty weird gameplay at the end :/
cool deco. horrible gameplay
100 attempts. #1373
Like if ur name is bob (all bobs are cool)
like if you arent pregnant
82 att, gp is very unpolished, but at least its playable
GG! :)
GG! 56 Attempts :)
this level is piece of sh t because its not optimized like at all. not even ldm.
Thats a star of david, not a pentagram. You probably dont want a star of david in your hell level
why is this not epiccc??
First Medium!
The Darkness complete!!! Errores ;/
Yay my favorite part about bossfights in this game is when they barely work
Super Easy Gg
248 attempts,ldm is laggy af,51 transition is succ and the bossfight is awesome
Muy facil para demon, lo pase en un intento xD Muy limpio el lvl ^^ 
really neat but definitely not a demon
very fun ! ^^
To easy for demon, overall really nice :) Sent as insane 9
I also don't think this is really much of a Demon since I just did 1 attempt & got here but love it
Liking this style, very nice! Definitely not a demon though.
Buena Gatopeligro
I one attempted it in practice mode lol, really good and very fun level! Sent :)
Love this
Fun level, sent :)
Increible atmosfera y colores, realmente disfrute mucho jugando este nivel 1.9 :)
GG! easy demon :)
very fun! sent for 9*
really fun :)
GG :)
Pretty enoyable, loved it.
Love the gp!
i love this style so much
GGs on the rate :)
this level is giving me nostalgia
i liked it really original effects !
now i completed it sent ! 
primo primo primo, mettimi cuoricino
"i guess it will never get rated" GUESS WHAT
Pretty fun, sent :)
i guess this will never get rated...
vuoto cosmico
<3
Mod: hi *gets 50k likes* Me: hi *gets 0 likes*
@Dubba CRINGE
New level called Cosmic Emptiness, collab with Edooox: 73370001
11000 Stars, neato.
<3
Nice level Davo
at the beginning: "This level is sponsered by, Raid Shadow Legends."
This is awesome
Noooo ~ SoulsTRK no se que ao
cool
good
<32333333
unreadable gameplay
Awesome lvl :)
Really nice! Gives off a pleasant Unzor vibe! Only wish you made some transitions more readable.
Really good deco, sent for featured
GG Top 76. 6.26K Stars, Very Cool!
36 att GG, a blast to play :)
Very Good Level, The desing is Beautiful and sync is perfect, ;)
I will be here when it is rated
EpicOOO
here before rate also epok lvl
this boosts my mood :)
Nice!
Syng is perfect!  :0
esta song la utilisare para mermelada II por ahora no llenare esta wea porque me da lag xd
@Cesarxapexx stop cloutchasing bro i covid too few days ago but i never used it for likes, stay well
this is really nice
gg, 25 att
It's epic 
Amazing level :)
gg ez
This is nice, I hope it gets rated
i like this quite a bit
THANK YOU ROB
Thanks Everyone For the Support | Love you all <3
impossible demon
un nivel muy bonito sin fama :(
It got rated before Funnyman did, huge W taken.
:V
AYOOO GG ON RATE MAGMA (also i was first victor :DDDDDDD)
only 55 likes and extreme...
2nd victor probably as well whatever
I appreciate your efforts on making and verifying it solo. :)
desc: remake of electroman adventures. level: extreme demon. me: quantum adventures lets go
Magi mommy milkers
gg
-10 likes on this comment i will lick my forehead
LETS GO ADDED AT #111 ON POINTERCRATE
Thanks for the dedication! Didn't even see it until now LMAO
Third Victor, 2950 attempts, video on yt <3 GG magma
:(
i love this level!!!!!
extreme demo n
never expected a level this short to be so fun
showed this to my grandfather and now hes breakdancing
Could have more variation, but overall it looks good and interesting.
cool level, tho i am not a fan of how hard it is to tell blocks from bg in the wave section
yeah def hard demon
Yes kids, don't do drugs :)
como es que esta basura de nivel tiene estrellas???
my brain during the test
39 attempts. #1392
guys, don't do drugs, do my mom instead! :D
Rainbow = My eyes WTF
some thing my dad never is
this is my like 15th time rebeating this, i love this level too much
fun demon 
Awesomeness
i hate being sober
29 att, how did i just fluke the whole wave
gay simulator
waschmaschine
Guten morgen! Are you making anime and stuff?
da wasche ich mir die hand
stepbro im stuck in the W A S C H B E C K E N
i like this
Joa also so clounds und so cool. Aber so n Waschbecken digga?
guten tag
This is insane, hope it gets rated!
If this doesn't get rated I'm quitting GD.
Coins: Start of cube, start of first ship, end of ball (free)
ja leck mir den Pimmel ein deutscher Levelname. nur genauso random wie immer ._.
Immer den sack im waschbeken seubern
Das ist so nice und so schoen :D
das level ist sehr gut!!
OH MY GOD
Ja das ist jetzt deutsches eigentum!
Soso, also uebernehmen die deutschen.
rebeat
Es gibt noch wen anders als mich der deutsch ist UND gd spielt? Lul
WoW
Pretty cool! I think a little bit more movement of blocks would've gone a long way, otherwise sweet!
pass is 666666 like this comment so everyone else can see :)
colors are neat
GG! Pretty hard but really fun ;)
GG! :)
Me lo quiero pasar por la cancion pero me da lag :'( nooooo
strange GP:( 
Bueno al menos me siento orgulloso del 34% (un infierno en movil :( )
GG! :)
GG! :) 305 Attempts! Nice gameplay, for me the second part is a little harder than first! Fun level!
GG! 103 attempts, so unlucky :(
My new favorite level! AMAZING!! :D
Good level!!!
nice lvl
epic lvl
GG :)
this should be an featured demon
MUST... BE... RATED!
like if your here before the rate!
really cool :D
:D
GG :)
;)
yes...!!
good lvl
Password : 210904 enjoy :)
GG!
are you going to finish that quao-sant
The name of the level and song is from a popular music creator named Camellia lol
5701 attempts, this has to be one of the most unpolished extreme demons that I have played
interesting
this level ia terribly balanced alot of deco is generic and boring.  The gameplay is not fun at all.
this is the only other extreme besised quantum processing that starts with a q lol
Quaoar
I typed "Q" in the search list for extreme demons and i found this
Like FLOSIA!!
Finally GG dude <3
get me over mulpan
asd
pov: you found this by going all the way back.
Could you make the yellow gravity portal visible in the ufo portal please ? :)
the plane is on fire
drop gameplay is kinda weird and you can easily break the level at the spider part :/
gameplay could use some tweaks but not too bad
skipped something in the spider part
do what gormuck said
It's been over 2 years, I finally managed to reach 20000 stars, I'm so proud of that :)
VERY GOOD LEVEL!!! I hope this get rate in a future
Good job guys! :)
Hello World!
If you press about 70% at the beginning of the part with the spider, you can get beyond the level.
whats the point of the gravity portal being invisible
Nice and Clean
very good level :)
GG Finally.
gg
gg 2 atts :3
45,000 stars ;)
this level is amazing gg great job
That spider part at the drop is really broken lol
partyt r igng for life*
fun :)
secret way
I don't know why, but it feels empty sometimes.
Mejora el gameplay
nice colors, nice game, nice movements. gg
30% is a bit annoying and momement could be smoother, but nice otherwise:)
 
epic
theres a bug at the start you can just hold the dash orb and jump on the pad you fly over
u dont need to hit the black orb at 7%
Nice level! THis should get rated!
Secret way at 66% go to the teleport portal while in mini wave
GG :)
wouldve been good but 51 and the end spider had to ruin it
gg
finally after 98% x2
i dont care if people hate on me but im frusturated with this level 
song is making me nostalgic
GG Secret Way Thx @FramedPower!!
Click to show hate the last robot part ---->
HELP
Guys you need to pick up all the skulls to kill Clumpy (and beat the level)
Very creative visuals and theming. Gameplay is fun as well aside from the boss :)
I cant pass 97%
SURGE FOR THE WIN!
what this EASY DEMON!??!??!?!
To get past 97% collect all the skulls at the boss fight
Pass: 011010 :)
hard demon? more like medium
The password is the first six digits of "j" hehehe...
this needs a massive balance update, I really like it otherwise though
like this comment if this level should be rated medium or easy demon
Easy demon my ass
this level stopped being fun after spending half of my attempts past 77%
i literally forgot what the pass was lmaooo sorry
this level is buggier than deadlocked and clubstep combined
Amazing! 
Super fun gameplay, enjoyed it a lot! 
robtop will rate arcturus when we are all boomers
wish the gameplay was more well thought out, lots of odd stuff in this level that hinder it a bit
al fin termine mi parte :p
this level looks amazing, except for para. he is not amazing (imo)
ITS FINALLY DONE
why this is hard? this is insane
GG! :) 496 Attempts! Everything is beautiful, impressive music, nice gameplay! Really fun level!
GG ;) 254 Attempts ;)
GG! :)
vote insane demon
RETURN INSINE DEMONS SUKI
Insane Demon in my opinion too, although and easy one.
I very much dislike this level
pass: 010921 like please
Got super unlucky but still pretty fun, great song, GG
wtf why hard demon
blya eto ne vozmojno bloodlust i to legshe
Amazing level :)
LETS GOO!!
zzz
gg 192 atts (154 pt. 38 nm.) pretty good and fun but also a bit unbalanced
l
Wooooo! Awesome :)
neat, wish it was a bit longer though lol
good colors scheme! i see good potential in you brother, hold on ;)
GG!
the arrows of the wave that are to help or to annoy?
H O W
i really like how this looks! wish it was longer tho
I see your progress, it's cool :)
hmmmm where do i know those mushrooms from??
Easy coins and a entertaining gameplay.
IV
Really dum ship transition at 20%, theres 0 reason to put that pad there and it just makes it bad
1000 user coins tanks :3
GG
12,6 k star :3
GG! :)
The level is a matter of time or motivation, the level lacks both but the elaboration is acceptable
Starting is extremely slow and ship part tranzession is not good. Generally good level.
very cool
Bingus
How did i sight read all that..
Fun gameplay, just wish the theming was more consistent :)
damn you sussy baka
nyan nyan spark
This is not 7 stars :/
dONt dO DruGs KiD's
nya~ (dislike if you want xd)
PROTOGEN BOYO
:0
fun gp
HOW DID I SIGHTREAD THAT
yooooo thats minimum 8 stars lol
How is this 7 stars? Doesn't matter GG this level is a pure nyart :)
adorable art
Isnt nyan that poptart cat thing?
bug 
this shit is a demon
dont get me wrong, this is awesome, but the gameplay is TERRIBLE
Really cool fun level, gameplay is intuitive and feels fluint after practise runs :)*.
"opti please avast my ass"                 -HollowEarth
Pretty fun, sent :)
Honestly felt like a 6 star
hope this level doesnt get glossed over
GG!      coin is at 77% mini ship part :)
cool!
thanks for feature!
Lovely colors
Very funny, I liked this level, sent!
GG 26,000 stars
oraangee: simply built a level. my eyes: shake shake up up down down :D
thanks @kale for fixing the bug and @zipiks for sending this in the process of that fix lol
Cool makes me feel good about myself
Pass is 210831 :)
how come i cant comment about avast ass and u guys can :^(
94k stars! GG
masterpiece
GG! :)
cool, but not 5 stars
real
Honestly can't fathom how good this is.
when you said blanc did you mean white
._.
how is this an easy demon? ok i just suck at mini ship...
awesome atmosphere :)
practice mode in 30 attempts on mobile. should i try to beat this? :/
Nothing about this falls short, hope it gets the epic it deserves
I thoroughly enjoyed this, great work :)
Banger with fun gp!!
ClAiM yoUR HeRE bEfoRe NexUs TiCkEt hERe
thats acctually medium demon
really good concepts sent!
pass is: 696969
GG 100,000 Stars! <3
timing in first part deletes my brain cells
Awesome!
late to the party but man is this a banger
Demon 2200! =GG= My 21th demon today, I did it, YEEEEEESSSSSSSSS!!!!! And Happy New Year, guys! <3
wow it was soo fun that i didn't notice that it was xl before i saw the description! cool lvl!
dislike this comment
neat collab also good colors gameplay could be better in some points , sent!
Deco is pretty cool and charming, but I'd have liked to see more movements. Sent for featured
Ain't bad, but you should add few more effects and movements to give it more dynamism.
consider me as the ByCraftXx susesor, 1 attempted baby
Hodne dobry. Fakt se vam to povedlo! =)
Yooo GG
love the design
very good transitions wow
drop is cool tbh
woah pretty neat
neat
Needs some more dynamics for me, very nice work on the coloring though! :)
cool
thanks for dedic <3 
48,000 stars ;)
GG,s
gg rated 
ZiTron carried.
Fairly sightreadable for a mostly 4x-speed level, not bad.
gg!
Only legends knew when it was called CA EXEMPT DEATH
you reuploading this made me lose 1st place on leaderboards and i WILL cry
IM IN YOUR AREA
government plates
ovdfo_________/\/\/\____________/\/\___/\/\_____
this is awesome
i beat this but i still dont know what a death grip is
this level would actually go hard if the gp was playtested a bit more. missed sync + bad clicks drag it way down :(
GG! 13 attempts :)
winned
not an easy demon
is it bad that i actually like the song
GG! 156.000 Stars! 13/09/2021 :)
31 attempts. #1546
ca exempt (death)
GG! :)
Should be medium demon. GG
30 mb song lol
gg, 2 attempts wtf
government plates
By liking this comment, you can get a free trial of NordVPN
The sequel better be called Skillshare
Who needs NordVPN when you can switch to Geico, where 15 minutes could save you 15 percent or more on car insurance.
This comment is sponsored by NordVPN #ad
nice coin route
Your IP is: 183.84.382.02
 
privacy conscious redditors use mullvad instead
awful coin
my 2nd itzkiba coin. ~200 att; thx bongus for help
I love how you take simple ideas and use them to your advantage. Brilliant level :)
70% 71%*(n+1) 72% 73%+76% what a coin ;_; btw GG 4 me
ExpressVPN is now sad :(
Nice
gg!! my 500 completed lvl!
195att with a coin gg :)
youtube sponsers every 5 seconds: N O R D V P N R A I D S H A D O W L E G E N D S
hey guys today we gonna talk about GEOMETRY DASH but first let me tell you today's sponser: nordVPN!
nordvpn is garbage but this level is good :)
This coin is brutal
"You have unlocked your special"... Shoots the dinosaur with a gun.
first comment speedrun any%
this is super creative, love it! :)
amogus sus
feel free to check out the editor of the level, we never know ;)
This is sick!
Cool level, sent :)
touch something, trust me, it is a very smashing experience
everyone literally after reading the sign says "do not touch anything" everyone: *jumps*
love this
its neat
Really cool :)
This level is so awesome
AMOGUS
TECH MAKE GREEN MILK
sus
omori
Nice auto, sent for featured
Why isnt this level epic? It's awesome!
this is just INSPIRED.
companies on pride month
lets play a game!!! the first one to find the amogus in the level will have their ip address leaked, good luck guys !1!!
damn that was quick
An insane demon with good gameplay?! I'm glad I found this level!
I might make a commentary video on this level in a couple days! I love it!
YOOOO IT GOT RATED! Congrats on your second rate, dude! Well-deserved! :D
not the biggest fan of the dual but the rest is pretty fun
pass is 029821 btw
Omfg i beat it GG!
GG pretty fun. Really annoying wave at 44 tho
GG! :)
GGGGGG! 879 attempts! Commentary video on my channel soon!
My first Insane Demon... I was grinding for days! This is such a beautiful experience for me :) Completed in 2,481 attemtps! GG!! :)
841 attempts - Extremely fun although almost all my deaths were at the beginning ;)
damn this level fire
GG 1637ATT UN MES PARA PASARME EL NIVEL 
YYYEEEESSSS!!!!!! FINNALLLLLLYYYY!!!!! MY FIRST INSANE DEMONNNNN!!!!!
gg very fun and consistent once you learn the timings
bruh no way i actually did that i f***ing hate myself so much
i beat bichromatic so i have to beat this
coin 1: 20%. coin 2: structure at 59%. coin 3: up at 95%
Some parts may be better cohesive with others, but the level is kinda charming. Sent for featured
Cute
lovely
Ginko
Hermoso, gracias por la invitacion <3
Good level, sent :)
gg, 116k stars!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! uwu
esta piola :)
Ginko Sora
soy sub
Nice, good work guys!!
Pretty neat
I'm very conflicted, as some parts are really good, but others fall a little flat for me
*sigue a todos los que hicieron el nivel*
15.100 stars 21/9/21 =)
Muy bonito
GG 4000 stars LETS GO!
Me gusto jsjs muy bueno la verdad :)
Omg cute Aaaa OwO <3
if this gets top comment i will eat a slug
send a video of you eating a slug
ok, this wasn't a lie
just watched some weirdo on the streets film himself eating a slug
why does my friend want me to record him eating a slug
like this comment if you searched feautured levels,coz you could not find any featured levels.
First Victor! (i think)
featured level
i gonna lick ur lick
it wouldve been so funny if rob gave this a star rate smh
sick
100th like :)
I beat level!
hmm how interesting "die button"
ok level but the first and last parts' gameplay needs reworking. feels very unbalanced+inconsistent
Coin 2: Do not tap the black orb at 80%
why did i do this
To be fair tho
Hi myself (Not really but Hi!)
GG! :)
5 stars? Ok zobros
gameplay is extremely bad.
5 STAR?? LOL
Awesome
Goodbye Moonmen- Rick and Morty Remix- The Living Tombstone by TheLivingTombstone
Goodbye Moonmen :)
took me more attempts than most easy demons do
i dont even know
pain
you have to be zobros to request this 5* and ONLY zobros
rate this 
extremely unreadable...
BRO THIS ISN'T 5 STARS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
your house dancing
should be an easy demon or 9 star tbh
5 stars ? If RobTop rates this level as hard 5*, this will be the hardest hard level ever.
gmd skele fake
gg
musica god :D GG sheccid xd 
awful
Fun Fact: Farben means colors in German
Guten Morgen die Deutschen sind uberall!
this level is very farbenfroh
awesome colors
bruh the duel spider literrally ruined the level
Modo Mexicano activado
no vale verga
Farben is a german word :)
"Oh vale verga" :v?
Haha! Como siempre Xatz haciendo estas maravillas =))! Sigue asi man! eres grande 8)!
Also das sind echt eine Menge Farben xD LMAO
AUF DER HEIDE...
been a while since ive seen a non-minigame level use the 2 player mechanic lol
Me identifico con la cancion XDDD
Ich dachte es gibt keine Deutschen die diese Spiel spielen
how does the spider part work
HEY YO QUE PERROS?
Wo sind die Deutsche??
gg
This is actually amazing! :)
Lacks coherence, but each individual part has pretty nice colors. Liked the gameplay too :)
Very fun level, sent :)
gg, 1 attempt
First demon I've ever beaten in 1 attempt, probably an 8 star but still a cool level regardless.
whos playing this bc of aeon
Really felt like an easy demon and a very enjoyable one aswell. Love the art :) GG
GG! 8 attempts :)
Coin 1 at 11% (get the key at 3%), coin 2 at 71%. Like so anyone can see. Have fun !!!
cool!
gameplay felt a bit frustrating ngl
GG! :)
GG 10 attempts! :D
GG!
Came from AeonAir
gg super easy demon! 16 attempts :D
LAG
599 Demons.
I have to reccomend this to begginer demon players!
gg 6 attempts lol with coin too
HOW IS THIS NOT EPIC 
Wow. You have an incredible amount of potential. This is some top notch execution, really nice job
ITS RATED AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
If RobTop doesnt feature this I will drown him in a bowl of boiling hot spaghetti.
Awesome
GG! :)
pass is 251007
Looks very nice :)
This is sick!
wod
This is one of the most relaxing levels:o
GG! 545 attempts! Really amazing level!!!
GG! :) 246 Attempts (On Phone)! Nice colors and easy gameplay, beat it during lunch! Very fun lvl!
let's get this rated :)
If This Does Not Get Featured I Will Kill Every Person In This Room And Then I Will Kill Myself
its HARD DEMON ROB
when the hardest part is 92-100
hard demon god dammit whyyyyyy
alright I just learned after 3 deaths at 93 I couldve just spammed :(
#1596. Really feels like underground, awesome level
Yesss! 100th Demon!!!!!
If this gets top comment I will eat a Pennutoh
That last wave part is so insanely cool
can i get the number 5 with extra dapsidoh
it comes with egg HAIR LOL XDDD
been a minute since i saw a good extreme which uses a good nong
i just ate a massive bean burrito and i cant get off the toilet its flooding hel
Like for Extreme Demon, Dislike for Insane demon
cool stuff
awesome
I have been summoned!
the atmosphere here is insane, good job man :0
Pure masterpiece
get double epic rates ong
dude was on crack when he wrote that description
these timings are insane holy jarvis
return to extreme LETS GOOOO
"rubnut"
extreme demon again
Frick me dude
YOOOOO MY FAVORITE EXTREME
Che robtop, donde esta el che rate .-.
bad customs ngl
very cool block design, mb feature
Todo un artista amiko
COIN: Get the hearts at 24% and 26%
uhh magic
The best ending art ive ever seen
gg easy
Not bad!
que grande
GG's. Actually quite intuitive even though some things can be a little unclear.
Interesting!
rate!
unfortunate. wish there were more demon rates, still ggs tho to everyone :)
Roptop se esta tomando un cafe, ulala
g
Awesome level! Congrats!
tu tambien lol
vitaly ,im ahoel
gracias comentario de abajo
I love this so much, thanks for using my layout!! :D
LDM may make it more readable :)
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!
Man, ya es hora de que tengas feat. Me gusta mucho tu estilo. Grande SokA! :)
not bad :)
ARRIBA CUBA COJONEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Me encanta este wave GG :)
Tarde pero seguro, felicidades Sokka :D
My eyes *0* |Nice level :D
nice stuff
very fun, and nice colors :)
:3
cool
Gg! Epic level bro =3 {Coins 2/2}
How do u NOT have a featured lvl as of yet???
Vamos Soka, a por el rate.
Wave finally nerfed
Ahora si vas a coger featured :D
cool robtop pls rate him
i love this so much
Pretty decent, most elements dont exactly work together, but its fun to play and looks alright. 
LETS GOOOO OMG AFTER 17 SENDS LMAO
Sent :) UFO at like 45 is kinda weird, but overall solid!
has some good parts, has some alright parts, overall pretty nifty and interesting
coin 2: bottom of 63-64. bit harder to c it compared to coins 1 & 3, maybe a ? or faded arrow 2 help
where are you robtop
GG!
me having a girlfriend is an illusion
all coins!
gg
each like is one second less for featured!
ok rob died
rob stop watching discord and put a daily
Rob wyd
easy demon imo, quite cool
ORAANGEE
cool
The music is AMAZING and the deco and gameplay are AWESOME. Im just not a fan of that UFO. EZ demon!
Since some mods didn't agree with the level being worth 8 stars, I just changed the request to 9 ;)
so unique man i love it hope it gets stars
remember me when this blows up
Thank you guys for pointing out the gameplay and the sync :D
I love this a lot for some reason. Also doesnt seem that generic to me lol
Super Fun Level
this is really good but feels a bit harder than the average 7*
Well done, this level is stunning. I love the synchronisation!
Maybe generic, but the best in his kind
sync + bossfight song + a layer of irony, this is probably my new favourite level
damn that sync though
amazing sync!!
older rates
at least the title was honest
Why do I actually like this. Like a lot lol
Fixed :D
Perfect sync
you can also go under the transition part at 55%
lmao, youre right. but its funny because everyone loves it
wow i really like the gp.
Thanks a million man! Great level so far :D
super probably generic level
ROCKET LEAGE MUSIC WOOP WOOP!!!!!!
Congrats on your first feature :)
Thx everyone im so happy ! I love you guys <3
love rocket league music boiiiiiii
Love it, GG with all coins :)
@Technical Hi!
amogus
poor technical:-((
This levek is giving me Rocket League vibes xD
Cool bossfight, cool design and fun gameplay! Top 6 in the Leaderboard! ;)
Uploaded on youtube with all coins :)  Really fun!
nice one deserve to be featured
This slaps, great job on this level
#Good gameplay 
Only one send to get da featured! *blushes*
Welcome To The Add Gang
For people asking, the boss isn't stolen but heavily inspired from Spark by PotatoBaby
#GoodSong
Lol its not Rocket League music. The music used to Rocket League is provided by Monstercat
GG 34att  very Technical indeed
This is so amazing, thank you so much for the amazing level and the dedication, it means alot to me :)
yo this is super cool, keep going
I recommend to focus a bit more in filling empty spaces and making it more varied, cool concepts tho
Absolutely amazing work. I love the style, it fits the song so well
ay thats pretty nice
ok so this level is really nice and original, but some of the color combos are really weird and the ending is incredibly rushed
updated: made ending look less rushed, and fixed 240hz bug at 91%
Handful for cP
what sucks is that i was gonna use this song but at the time it was blocked :(
Well deserved,  felt out of nowhere tbh lol , Gg
I love the chill vibe
very novel and stylized. you're really on the right track here.
pugz you really giving off small pp vibes ngl
actually the name is the name of the person who has top comment
Ho Ho Ho .____.
we love yoy handfu
GG! :)
Congrats on the cp man! :) Dope level aswell
@paultam skill issue
@paultam LMAO IMAGINE DYING ON A 5* AT 90%
Fun level, sent :)
I Would Beat This but the transitions need work. 
please for the love of god add an ldm
Awesome! Thanks for adding the ldm :) I like the bg effects! Try to improve on gp and transitions.
:(
gg
Nice!
loge your name btw, i like spacey stuff :)
g
Glodern... My absolute favorite!
creators on their way to make every transition as bad as possible:
GG First CP
fun level :)
Blind transitions. Thanks. Really improved the level.
19,1K stars yey :DD!
gg
ananizm
2002 stars uhm
make an ldm ffs
the amount of off screen transitions muad
this was really nice
Maybe first cp? :)
COIN: Jump at 11% (there's a white thingy there)
THX for playing everyone!!!!!!
FEATURE
jonna pretty
ok im dumb
There are two parts that I didnt like that much  but the rest is really good! Def feature worthy :)
GG with coin
You have potential :)
GG :)
GG!
beautiful level
feels good
unironically one of the coolest levels ive ever played lol
Good Job 
GG's. Love the theme in this. Very intriguing! <3
wowowow omgomgomg its epic
very cool
noice
144hz bug?
Gets better as it goes on, wish it we're consistantly like the later bits
gameplay could be improved, and you should tone down the saturation, but not bad. Sent to mods.
terrible gameplay
No rate because of overdeco neon T3, and old deco. Its sad :(
so many bugs and blind timings, my day is ruined :)
hard to read
GG! Thx for dedication, sent to mods :)
so unbalanced, felt like it took forever, i died at 75-80% at least 2/3rds of the time
nice level
how hard can creating sightreadable gameplay be
Fell at 12% And I didnt die soooo
more generic glow, yay....
G
nice
I Liked!
oh, thanks
some designs can be more polished but is actually a really cool level!
nice
this level speaks to and i mean the song
I feel same as other moderators, work on transitions next time - decos are cool!
Looks pretty good, but some of the transitions are very unfair
Not bad, try to improve the gameplay and transitions next time
how was i supposed to know i had to hold? make the dash orb go over the cube portal :(
Sent for demon, kinda hard for an insane rating
pizda
pass is 000001 pls like :)
hard demon? what?
did not die in the end cool
stop talking about transitions and gp, please. I promise it won't happen on the next level
REALLY? 98%
blind transition at wave but still good
wtf hard demon? its easy medium 
GG! :) 225 Attempts! Spent some time looking for coins, loved the trigger on the wave! Very fun lvl!
that wave is brutal xD
Nice decoration but the gameplay could be better
gg 69 attempts,only the wave part feels really unbalanced tbh
Medium Demon 
honestly doesnt feel like a hard demon
noooo :( it got moved down to medium demon that day after i  eat it
Thank you guys so much for the support! <3
Rate this. Get this to top comment so fladalt can mald.
Super fun and consistent, fluke from 0% :v
It is true... Nothing lasts forever.
Best insane demon.
GG! :)
GG! :)
Holy shit thank you guys so so much for the support and thank you for the rate Robtop :)
pass is 051021
173 att, so satisfying to play
FINALY FRICKING RATED GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!!!!!!!!!!!
OK!
one of the buggiest duals ive ever played, no way this was playtested properly :/
This is one of the best levels from you. Thx for dedication and this level was awesome. Great job :)
GG! :) 414 Attempts! Rhythmic clicks complement this cool music because of sync gameplay! Fun level!
nothing lasts forever.. Except my dads farts :/
I love that we are getting much better insane demons these days
very fun.
 
IWNWKJDKEJWKNDIEKJKW
actually kinda cool. sent for star rate
this level is named my username :)
GG! :)
Awesome work yo
should be hard demon
should I nerf the wave?
hard demon
AAAAAAAAAAAAA THERES NO WAY
GG 36,000 user coins!!
Unbalanced difficulty,some parts are medium demon, and some are insane demon...
congrats on feature guy
Hard Demon
Super fun
GG 31 intentos.
GG! 19 attempts, fun GP and good sync :)
I like this style of deco and gameplay, very simple yet intricate
password of that amazing level is: 333333
this is hard demon
I hope all of you guys are enjoying this level :)
GG 166 attempts + 3 coins :)
The song is an absolute banger- I hope this gets featured
very nice
Cool transitions, also I'm on dedication thank you
unique
WOW this is super cool, i love this 
Gg! this was fun level! :)
AWESOME!
GG 3 Att. Good song, good level. Thx
cool
great :)
GG! Fun Level. 3 Attempts :) 
Cool :)
Good Job Bro!
EASY DEMON LOL
gggggggg and cool music :)
GG! :)
i love the song so i love the level
2 attempts
gg
cool deco ideas ^^
Glow'nt
Next lvl "modern"
Like to give this guy 2 more cp
robtop rate plissssss
Common still not feature mods? did you forgor?
very dope and aesthetically pleasing level.
Pretty nice. Feel like it lacks a bit of atmosphere, though.
why doesnt this level have a star rating?  
lol the arrows in the ufo section look like the 3x speed change
featured?
why no rate)))
cool level
woah                                                             its wulzy
very cool
GOOD LEVEL "-" :)
Feature plis
needs to be rated :)
Very Glowy! :)
Cool!
super nice level, beginning is a bit bland but other than that i really like it
love this level, 7 or 8 stars y think
i like the pulses and movement a lot in this level, make up for some of the minor flaws
asfezhgbfdjhjnhdujiads
GG! Fun level & 26,666 stars :D
gg, 119k stars!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! uwu
???
GG! :)
The gameplay is fun, but you have to polish a bit the level. Otherwise, cool :)
Cool!!
GG
gg
Gezz,why this level took so long to get featured.GG!
Gg
GG!! Very fun
gg
gg
GG
gg
GG
d
Filipino Megacollab! Kantutan na xD
look nice
Pass is 422110, like?
45 attempts. #1369
cool! but imo this is really really easy for a demon
GG! :)
visible ray
This is sick though I had no idea what was going half of the time during the drop @.@
im glad of having a part here ^^
i am pleasantly surprised by the result, knowing that usually you create modern levels
#RateTennessine
:DD
i wish to pickle your anklebones for no particular reason
Fun level, GG! :)
I'm from Tennessee lol
medium demon in my opinion
GG! 14 attempts, probably easy demon but idk ;)
im really happy to be part of this epic megacollab :)
GG! :)
GDPH Rise Up!
beautiful
2.12 when?! :O
yo i swear robtop could say dislike this and still get top comment
Seriously really cool level! I like the attempt concept where you go into a new level. Sent to mods!
Something tells me this level is based off someone
Good Level!
LoL
who is that hot guy in the background
How to get a level rated: put RobTop in the title.   Good level though ;>
RATE
RubRubRubRubRubRub
Beautiful
ratio rob where the demons
like me to beat robtop because he didnt release 2.2 for 5 years
you got games on your phone?
overall the deco is very solid, although some transitions feel empty. you built upon robtops style very well
this is the guy who made boomlings?? no way!
Epic level!
2.2 CKOPO
Nice
Wow The Goola you're such a good creaotr!
steps to make pickle sandwich: 1. get pickles 2. get bread 3. put together 4. pickle sandwich done
sick
GG
I'm not huge on the decoration, but the gameplay is incredibly fun
baldkrisz2
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOO
im so happy to be in this lvl but my part is shit lmao
Some parts are kinda messy, others are good. Cool intensity. Sent for featured Demon
GG! :)
GG! :)
kinda like a pepperoni
The level is awesome! It's full of enjoyability, sync and of beautiful effects! Deserves epic rating
Picklente :)
Nice, a banger rated
GG! 36 attempts :)
eyy the level is out
the quality is kinda inconsistent but overall not bad!
gameplay is super fun and deco is epic worthy, good luck with it :)
amazing level guys, great job! :)
Awesoooooome!
This is so cool
This is super cool although I wish the beginning auto was shorter. Love it regardless
pretty smart way to use Dont Enter box
hey, it's free jumps. I'm not complainin (i got like 1.4k in 1 attempt before gameplaty started lol)
robert
You have no idea how badly I wanna say bad gp your fault but the gp is amazing! my fav from you <3
nice song nice style
i dont get it this level got featured why are there so few downloads and comments
four mods have seen and sent this. how is it not rated?
pretty dang neat
Holy shit This is my new favourite level
WOWWW
Interesting gameplay. Hard to rate this tbh. Think it will be a 9 star.
I really like this but you can skip the ball portal :)
banger
wtf
This level needs more recognition!
my fault
really great
Secret way, GG! :)
verified by me
GG 388 attempts! (with secret way) :D
All in favor for extreme demon rate?
not insane demon, 100% extreme, 619 atts in practice
good job men
secret way too gg smiffy
extreme d
i FLUKED this EXTREME DEMON from 8%....
It happened!
Painful secret way
oh my god if I was 20 minutes earlier I could've done secret way
GG! primer extremen
Failed twice at the bottom spike at 8%. Took 640 attempts.
patched ? :c
GG OTRO EXTREME DEMON (1201) :D
we do an extensive amount of trolling
GG SECRET WAY
how is this not extreme lol
GG secret way :D
fixed some bugs and visual errors ;3;;3;
even huger
put in that work
gg!! 451 atts, rly fun outside of the transition into the drop
this is insane demon
GG! :)
Nerfed the 47% wave a bit and changed the 54 ship to spider transition :D ty guys
this level feels like it wasnt play tested tbh
awesome level :)
I'm so bad at learning levels :(
the 39% bug was fixed 2 months ago but thank you guy who wrote 3 comments about it
this is so fun wjhagjhfwa
GG :) Incredibly good!
likeing every ones comments
awesome
most unpopular demon...:(((((
Epic final screen
GG!
502 attempts this level is super fun
GG! fluke from 67; the drop is amazing ;33
who else is waiting for YunHaSeu to become #1 on the creator leaderboard
i had a BLAST sightreading this, really well done and thanks for the dedication <3
Click here to get ticket  'Come Before rate'.                                                 [here]
Like if you are here before rate.
so you guys chased crispy out of the community but will let yunhaseu copy people? cool
Fun, sent :)
Gg! 7,666 User coins :) Dedicado a: MenCanius :3
Great level,deco and gameplay , GG YunHaSeu ;D
rate pls
FEATURED!
why is a piece of music about cheese so intense?
31.4K user coins, GG! :)
A lot better than your other levels, very nice
HOLY SH+T THAT IS SOME FUN GAMEPLAY RIGHT THERE
The drop
Pretty hype song, unfortunately the gameplay feels more unique than enjoyable :/
epic when
top creator level on magic with only 3 likes :0
bro, you are doing story,, thats epic
GG!! Fun but unbalanced :c
2 months late but here i am
waiting for waffle3x to show up...
awful coin
oh sweet new rates
nice
10cp, neat
Outstanding! :)
i got the coin first try, died to the straight fly, and then got it next attempt im so lucky
Straight wave and straight fly for a coin, really. I prefer something more original, like in tIM
the coin for this one was more of a hommage to aNDI, gonna do more different stuf in the future
WHY DOES THE STRAIGHT FLY HAVE FIXED HITBOXES
after 152 attempts and 5 deaths to the straight fly, i got the coin
like if you ike pizza
i did the coin thing
looks awesome, but it lacks cohesion, specially towards the end of the level ^^
Matt Damon is my favorite actor and Damon is my favorite level
huge quality drop at the end
bad
finally got the coin lol
one day ill figure out how gameplay works
Yay! Vexes and I did our best with what time we had before he quit! Enjoy all! And tysm! <3
how to get 1st coin?
Congrats on daily :)
Firts coin in 14% ... Good luck :)
I wish the first part was as good as the others, everything else looks good and it's fun, sent :)
GG's. 2 Coins. (x2) (Coins are at 14%, just skip first blue orb and last one is free) <3
wow poop jokes are very hilarious and original and
tiktok trash geometry dash good
like this comment if you think shrek is good movie
geoxor is donald trump???
i might quit gd *comes back 2 femto seconds later*
like for unlimited chicken nuggets. cmon, i know you want them...
can i collect some yellow thumbs they give me joy for no reason
yes i am gay
i dont say bad words
( i  n S  e rT    u N  f  u n N y     j O    K  e     h   E   r  e )
random people: *complains about having 2 subscribers* also them: is a 9 year old fortnite "gamer"
who tf said god burns people for getting tattoos
for some reason i cant download songs right now
theres gonna be so much new stuff in 2.2 that the community isnt gonna know how to handle itself
buen nivele
bruh i love how all the comments have zero likes except for danolexs comment which has 20
Rob get yo a** over here and rate this!
Oh my god... Dude, this is one of my favourite levels now huh
I mis sight readable gameplay..
whats the heck is going on
Jesus this level is hot
nice effects!
I have no idea what just happened but I somehow 1 attempted it
this shi so hard to read
GG's! Very fun. =)
gg secret way
WOOOOW
Whata I started making a random 1.6 Insane Demon today for no reason lol
@ghastgames, thank you
free fly mode lol
GG Finally.
The effects are phenomenal but unfortunately they make the gameplay really hard to sightread
robtop...this need be E P I C ;D!!!
EPIC FEATURE
exotic demon!
I love this so much this is so good aaaaaaa
good colours
sounds like a skill issue to me
love the gradients
Beautiful color combinations. Sent :)
this is super good!
OMG!!! its awesome!
thx rob ur actually amazing :)
ayy
holy this is so good
Come before rate demon
first level i ever reviewed woo
2
HAHA LETS GO GMD GG!!! SUSPICIOUS STRIDE NEXT!!
a feature worthy easy demon
thanks!
GiGi!
Fixed some more block skips in the level, should be all patched now :)
fun coin
glad i played this now, probably would have mist it otherwise
Split has always been my favorite modern creator, keep up the good work! <3
Still amazes me how you can make literally every song work with your style
Split 73
No don't feel bad. It is okay.
neat
Now i feel bad :/
Oh okay, everybody can have different opinions. 
most people hate on you cuz they wish they were as good as you
super fun gameplay, probably my new favorite level from you
Brilliant! :)
this is so good omg, really good colours and designs!!
Bas ed
might be a skill issue but this is NOT 6* at all lol
eyYYYY
mmm that gameplay
@Derpypanda22 that was the point of that comment, writing the exact same thing...
Mist is sh*t in German
A different thing but meaning the same. However I tried to be funny and original by doing that...
But it also wasn't original according to the same definition. Whatever, not worth losing time.
so nice level :)
neat and fun
asd
the player who almost beat every bad level on the demonlist
Nice and beautiful map :)
Pretty cool deco...its empty at some parts but its star worthy ig
g
GG :).
still not featured
Cool LVL :))!!!!!
GG 6 attempts
GG's. Very clean! I love the simplicity in this! =)
epic level. Good!
cool
cool!!!
epic
gg Minyong
gg 4163 stars
clean
great!
A bit more variation would've helped this look more interesting
you need a feature by now
bro -_-
so clean and nice
Looks great but a bit repetitive and bland. Definitely feature worthy though!
bad transition at 25% but otherwise decent
songs blocked ffff
Your best imo :)
That was pretty dope!
Sucks
clicking in the first transition is not very intuitive otherwhise this is good
gg
GG. 123 attempts and 4567 stars. Get it? get the number? I spent 4 attempts but LIES FOR BAHAHAHAHAH
egg song
The transition between the ship and the dual is really stupid, besides that good level
Sent to mods :)
dont do ldm btw
Done!
Excelent!
gg
how about you don't throw the fkin gameplay at my face? is that too much to ask you fkin inbred
What is this gameplay lol, is it even gameplay
horrible gp
mamale
oh nice
you could fix the bug by just removing the wave portal :)
since house is technically a genre you could make slaughterhouse
gameplay isnt very great tbh, but the designs are nice
i hate it thank you
really expected worse because of these comments, but this is actually super fun
if
Great grandpa demon
Like and 1% of this levels gameplay gets 10x better
gg
69 Attempts
It's ok. I was expecting a more terrible gameplay.
should be demon ffs
GG!
dude this gameplay fkn sucks man, designs are nice but you REALLY need to fix this
You typed in "slaughter" then scrolled down or you did the same but instead of demon you put insane
epic!
coolio
hi
I love how it's not a rainbow level, yet it still feels like it
very interesting level. I can tell you are progressing :]
Bug Fixed Thanks Dora. #doramodback
Fun Fact - In the 3 days that I created this level I got 2 interview for a new job and 1 exam. ;D
cool boi
don't look at song ID
This was so fun that now, I'm sad that I've finished it... :'(
bababoi
GG All Coins.
beautiful level 10 of 10
@DPCgamer that doesnt work like that LOL
Gud Levl
should be epic
epic!
I love this level so much that I would have three coins...
GG 29 Attempts :)
IM LITERALLY CRYING IM SO HAPPY RN LETS GOOOOO
Cool gameplay really fun :)
Amazing pulses! Holy moly!
glad to see this on the servers again, good luck getting it rated! howtie moment
why is this not festured epic feature i guess
claim your here before rate tickets now
oh shooz
Can we all just admit that we need more songs like this in GD
i love this level :)
awsome
visual masterpiece and the gp is nice too lol
cool
love the gameplay
gg bowtie
That bassdrop hits so hard lol, dope
really cool gameplay and designs  :)
new howtie level: epic
Like to have skill
so this is chakra
nice bro!
Nice!!
this level looks amazing but be careful, the difficult is a bit inconsistent towards the end
Like the unzor design 8)
nothing original, just stolen Unzor's style and ideas 
So good looks alot like unzors style wow!
Really cool but the gameplay at the end seems a lot harder than at the beginning
nice
You should work on your gameplays because the gameplay is also very important in a level. (1/2)
Muy bueno! espero que consigas tus primeros cps pronto
Remember about 3 years ago when all the comment sections were like if.  Im really glad thats gone
You should get playtesters. In this case, the invisible speeds made the level less enjoyable. (2/2)
yet anotha lame ass unzor ripoff
muy buen nivel, puede llegar muy lejos :D (me encanta que puedas ir sobre el agua al inicio jajajs)
y el feature?
gg
shalava
Nicee!
aqui antes del featured 8)
this is going to be featured
Some parts look pretty empty to me, but this is still pretty damn good I gotta say
Awesome lvl :)
Not bad pero muy facil para demon
Nada mal, pero puede que algunas partes necesiten mas detalle, aun asi, el gameplay es disfrutable :)
Good job!
GG! :)
This is awesome! Hope it gets rated!
not very fun considering how you can randomly die to things that arent your fault + unsightreadable
Dude, your level is really cool. Great collaboration
66,000 stars! 30/09/21 ;D
GG! :)
beg rates when
gg 12 attempts (=
GG! 3 attempts, fun easy demon :)
GG! Demon #348 =)
GG, deco is really cool, but this gameplay is so bad
God level, for me it's insane 9 :D
What a level! another good one! feature!
GG! :) 46 Attempts! Very cool and fun level, good colors!
64 attempts (+ 3 coins). #1644
good designs  :)
GG! Demon #934 + 3 coins :)
If this don't get rated imma kidnap a kid from your birthday party
TY ROBTOPP <33 LOV U!!
happy birthday
birthday happy
WAIT WHAT? IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TOO!!!
feliz cum
"I scream, you scream, the police come, it's awkward"
Happy birthday to you, you smell like Poopoo, this was a bad joke so have a good birthday to
Happy birthday, 17yo gang 8)
happy late bday!
COIN: Skip the yellow orb at 32%
Feliz cumple Kaira :D
happy birthday :)
GGGGGGGG
I love it, Happy birthday! ;)
:)  
Happy birthday!
<3
happy birthday !!
happy birthday
Looks nice. The design in the first part could be a bit more complex. Not a bad start :)
HOLY SH-,THIS LEVEL NEARLY GOT 200 LIKES?!!
next featured.
mantap bang
GG's. 2 Coins. Very fun! =)
The first parts look pretty fine, but it goes downhill later in the level
If you reverse the "taf" and put "man" after it. You get Fat man
Why isnt this rated yet smh
youre getting cp
hope you get this done, i like this
:0 better than every level i made combined
The color change from blue to green is something i want to see more of. 7/10. Nice! <3
MANTAFF
thisll obviously get feature after you finish it
GG all coins ! i love sooo much the gameplay !
yeah, will probably finish this after the exam is over. I hate exams :(
i want to upload this on my yt, but i need to wait 6 days bruh :/
Oh Nooo I'm late again...
Normally I don't like glow levels, but this rocks!
much better
Just realized that the title and song rhyme, this is an epic gamer moment
i think this is way more fun than narrow. nice job man. looks great too =)
Tight Pu$$y
Also, stop making nsfw jokes about this levels name like bruh yall have dirty minds
I loved this level. You always have ideas, you never cease to impress me ^^
gg, 34.7k user coins, I like this kind of levels :)
so good, love to see you improving in so many ways brain :)
i like the gameplay tho. like always
just like ur mom! :0000000
i wanna see more tight corridor levels like these that aren't demon, this level was pretty cool! :D
i love this sm! reminds me of optic daydream
how is this featured but t  h  i  n isnt
gamplay is way more fun than i expected!
this is so fun omg
very very good
Very cool! Love the gameplay and the overall level :)
43
Great Level! :O
this is brainETR at his best!
Awesome Idea!:O
WHERE DID THEY GO, I NEED MY ONIONS DAMMIT
i found the un yon
I ate your onions
send me 10 creator points by midnight tonight or you'll never see your precious onions again
Pretty clean for the most part and fun!
not bad
Make sure to go to my YT to find out who was involved in this masterpiece
this isnt a demon, this is a search party
you guys concern me
god damn it john
onoin
damn bro 800 downloads in less than 2 days without magic tab, y'all need to chill
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
146 attempts. #1480
Decent but the gameplay is quite buggy in my opinion
GG 79 attempts! :D
in me but
they are in the top copboard in the kitchen
Ah! I found the onions in my bedroom. No wonder why I was crying all day in there. ;-;
good colour scheme and clean designs. gg sent :)
Great colors and pretty nice designs, only wish it was less repetitive. Also, too easy for demon imo
GG! 3 attempts :)
6 attempts. #1404
there could be more going on in some parts as it felt a bit unenergetic, but holy crap this gameplay is so fun! 
The jump pad bug at 78% should be fixed now :D
this was fun, thank you
Very fun level, GG! :)
Now I can sleep a bit more :D
200 demons GG! :)
Pass is 507050 ;)
GG! 75 atts, Demon #995 :)
Tysm for 10k downloads :DDDD
why is this beauty not rated yet
gg 13 attempts, fun level
Tell me if you find any bugs, and I'll see what I can do to fix them
500 Demons :D
people say that extreme demons are too varied in difficulty, but this and death moon are easy demons
Really fun gameplay
2 attempts! Another demon in less attempts than Cool. GG :)
top 4 victors is the whole gang :cool:
Bastante bueno :0
The design is quite empty and could be improved, the gameplay is also quite inconsistent
Wow cool glow designed level dude ! I hope it will get rated ;D
Very good, but there are parts that are a bit simple, it is also beautiful :D
Me encanto haber participado! y sin duda un estupendo collab uwu, feat whorty bro <3
:0 Beautiful
GG's!
Ayyyy :)
Nice
motherfu-
Pretty Nice!
Nice but unbalanced, prob should be 6*
Epic
whats with the difficulty spikes
Algunas partes estan desincronizadas pero la decoracion es HERMOSA <3
My mom has prismatic eyes
Im glad that i could help you, hope to see it rated soon! :3
To improve quality you should fire the man responsible for part at 64%. (/;A;)/
Nice!!
dont put jumppads in ship portals
Like If Your From Evw
Congratulations! It is beautyful
Good level! :)
Lmao
This needs to get rated
good
Like if you came from EVW stream
Forgot to comment that I sent to mods! :)
Nice level. And nice song choice.
This is so cool :)
pov: you came here from eric's video
This is actually my favorite level of all time! ITS SO FREAKING GOOD!!!
@Arich No, this got rated because of sinko/sink. He sent it while robtop was online on that time.
woahhh epic drop!!
where rock
looks pretty decent, at least deserves a rate
GOOD LEVEL YOU COOL
@MindYouTube Skill Issue
Nahalls
16 att on mobile gg
Fa l  l   i    n     g      D        o        w         n
n o  t   f    u     n      n       y
Why a r e  p  e  o  p   l   e    w   r   i     t    i    n    g     l   i   k   e    t   h    i    s
help ive fallen and i cant get up
Les go everybody! Support extracrispycroc to make powerful level! And be a top 1 creator!
garbage gameplay
How do you build so fast?
Do i like this? yeah. Can i mak3 better levels? no. But do i think it d3serves feature? not really.
Guys this woman is going to get 100 cp, Incredible ._. Cool level!
gg on your first cp!
have you sent it to robtop yet?
Cool, i like it :)
terriblely unfun
coin down on 58%
i d o  n   t    f     e      e       l        g         o          o           d            .      .
This level sucks
braeden got feature, no way 
why do some people hate simple levels there like my fav thing im tired of seeing the same type of th
If croc is going to be top 1 creator he has to make good levels to get epic and noone bts viprin
sweet level daughter!
well this is certainly something
the trsnsitions are also really wacky and can catch you off guard real easily. Not bad tho.
How did this get rated lol
also design is really repetitive throughout the whole level. The hameplay is also hsrd to read alon
this happened to my buddy eric
why is the level 50% auto
half of the level is auto
this was painful to play, you really need to learn how to make normal transitions
I might delete this and redo some parts.
the level only has 20% of gameplay, yet you still screwed it up HOW
that dashorb at 73% is horrible
horrible gameplay
WOW FEATURED
Trash gameplay
Even if you dont like the level it doesnt mean you should just insult the creator
Welcome to 4cp gang LLJ
@koopazu i can prove that these are only inspired and not stolen, i saw him make the bd 
you mfs are so angry about this getting feature, no one talkin bout the free 7 stars lol
...
this level is 80% auto but those transitions man ahhhhhhh
Gameplay is weird at first but when you understand it flows well, big improvements here! Keep it up :)
nice to see you improving old friend
slick
amazing job agat
neato
agate
lebel
could use more color mixing
cool :)
agate
significant improvement
I really love this style
very very nice =]]]]]]
Shits crazy
GG! quite a few timings in this
agate!
GG!
i miss your lvls so much. this is such a creative and awesome project. :)
uve improved a lot
JAAAAA AMAZING!!!
wtf is the second top comment
Hey Rob, Do Your Job And Rate This
daily chat rots my brain though
why didnt ant man go into thanos anus and expand?
coins:  21%  up  46% down  80%  jump in invisible blocks
hore! gw peringkat satu (1)!!
guys, im in6th grade. stop caling me inmature
jaygames is roasting me pls help :(
am i a boomer at age 20
f*cking spider
This needs to be rated lol
noice :)
fortnite is bad, now proceed to like this because it fits your disgusting agenda
aruging on a game made by a swedish man who's game is basically a pedo ring at this point
Madam i regret to inform you your teenage son has been caught looking at anime children 
Omg !!!
Hola amigos
stop fighting on gd this isn't pathetic it's just sad
Not your best gameplay (although still good) and as always: awesome level!
i hate school pc
Copy got rated, please rate this
this is the original level,please robtop 
ah boy its so good to finally see this rated
ohhhhh so this is the original one glad it got rated i remember playing the copy of this
73506080. Please check when that was uploaded and when this one was.
I guess this was stolen because I could have sworn I played this level before! 
these designs are pretty cool
POV you played this level because it used this song
glitch
GG boiz 3 atts
2nd Victor
GG
Amazing!
aas
The best song Creo has (and probably will) ever make.
good deco but these transitions are so bad
ok cool bug
I do enjoy
31k stars GG! :)
I don't want to sound like a party pooper but this song is more used than Colorblind.              
Pretty neat, maybe insane demon?
Dude this guy makes levels faster then the stockmarket crashing...
The german people when they see the german title:
thanks so much for rating this! <3 <3
SamMaxx making an Extreme Demon? :0
The "fixed" hitboxes ruin this level sadly.
Awesome atmosphere..
Extreme demon
it's supposed to be insane demon / really easy extreme
Woah
extremely unbalanced, horrible hitboxes, good deco though
Nice level! <3
i think this has an awesome atmosphere, great job !!
ice age coming, ice age coming
505 attempts, very fun level to practice timings
Ok this hasnt happened in a very long time i might be able to beat this tbh
i love this level
that was so painful (15 deaths at last section), looks cool at least
...und entspannt
Decent
why is the level flying where is it going 
very alive, love it
soo amazing 
Nice :D
nice work!
Really well made heaven themed demon, but the last drop is a bit unbalanced imo GG :]
Loved the progression
Hard to read but this looks really cool
Nerfed it a bit
84% is brutally precise for no reason
ITS ABOUT TIME
vi el nivel en el directo de guitar 
Hey guys one time dashiell ten sent me amogus drip in discord dm :flooshed:
GG! :)
so many of dashiells levels need to be rated
GG! :)
THIS IS SO COOL
Really good! :)
i suck at ship
hi guitar
WHAT THE HELL WHAT HOW WHAT THANK YOU SO MUCH
coin2:tap before hold orb at 30% to get upside ship,the coin at last cube mode (GOOD LUCK!)
coin1:there are invicible trigger coins at 3%,9%,10%,and 13%(turn up your brightness to see thecoin)
really nice theme and cool ideas, nice job!
This is awesome!
gameplay is really hard to read.. block deco is nice though :)
congrats on the rate! im from reddit
turn the brightness down 
GG!
cool but some spikes are kinda hard to see
I died in a lot of annoying spots but this level is still dope
gg
Saw this on a reddit. Congrats!
reddit moment
redditttttt
5600 stars!
i cant see anything
this do be nice (and ice as well)
thank you mr jamattack
bit tight for a 4 star tbh, I'd say it's a 6
bad dislike bot
there are dislike bot please like the level
gg, cool level :D
really creative!
why dislike bot
why so many dislikes?! its good :)
everything i strive for i fail to achieve, don't be me
GG! CooL LeveL :D
who else is getting 2.2 vibes with this level
Like for my percent :(
this is too cool ;)
very very good level
god level
pohodex :)
Perfect effects!
nice
Best gameplay i have ever seen.But is the third coin collectable?
That is such an awesome level
Amazing! :0000
WHY THSI IS NOT REATED?????
Nice designs and gameplay, but gets noticeably worse and more rushed near the end, sent for rate.
Pretty cool lvl, maybe too easy for demon
4 attempts (NO PRACTICE MODE USED). #1439
I really enjoyed building this collab 
you put two creo song names together and then used a completely different one lol
gg 6 attempts
Btw, pass is 130203
what a great level nice collab 
GG 1 Attempt! This is the first time I've ever 1 attempted a Demon I haven't already played! :)
this is NOT a demon
GG 1 attempt! And all your levels complete! :D
Questo non puo essere messo insane 9
GG 5 attempts & 1100 demons :)
Very fun level, GG! :)
gg
VAMOS COSTARAMAMAMMAMAMMAFDKSLFAADS
e
Wow very well done :D
ah yes 100 demons complete
man that orb is evil
i died at my own part
yoo this song is so epic. pretty cool level fellas
Cooked Rhythm
claim here before it gets epic rate                ^
Like if you want an epic feature for this
GG! :)
POV: Your here before this gets epic featured
sorry for dropping this lmao, glad this got finished tho :)
please fix secret ways as soon as possible because i really want this to get epic
yes
And its done! what a ride, thanks for letting me build :) good work everyone.
why the f*ck isnt this epic rated?! Robtop needs to stop rating levels only made by mods D:<
rat when
GG! :)
sus
GG! 352 attempts, a lot of parts just feel bugged and the "rhythm" doesn't exactly help :(
195+70=265att total
Click click click click
seems okay
Fix the secret ways, Deco is still cool tho, would like to see this epic rate!
gave her the big mac call me ronny mcdonny
this level is so awesome
h a m m m m b u r r r g u e s a
The color scheme's supposed to be McDonald's themed, what kind of feedback is that?
im lovein it :))))
HOW
Just as golden as the arches themselves
ill f***ing slap the mcsh** out of you - ronald mcdonald
pass is 658745 i have a fat a$$
Six Piece Chicken nuggets in a boys happy meal
Ronald Never Clear
i like big macs
before you comment  Like if you came here from aeonair  rethink existing please
wendys
this is quite possibly the best level i have ever seen
Badada bumbum
Can I have the a Big Mac with extra fries please?
mcdonal
hamburger cheeseburger big mac whopper
Rate it now
GG :)
Level name: 2021    Song: 2010    Today: 2020    My brain:????
Like If 2020 Sucks
General Mulpan
Like: Medium Demon.     Dislike: Hard Demon. :)
Gunpan choongsung ^^7 ^^7
Happy 2021 in military zzzzzzz
"LiEk Be4 FeATur3!??!?!?!?" seriously tho... stop commenting that bullsh*t
who is here before nexus
before rate                                                                     tap here ------>
Like for: 2021.    Dizlike for: 2020
I love :)
Sup
Zzamchi
mulpan is in the army???
mulpan in the middle of a gun battle: lets quickly make a level...
pass 2021 i guessed it. like so they can see!
Ver.4 Update - nerf
Like this comment or 2021 will be worse than 2020
like si vienes por el video de nexus :v
Thank you for fixing the bugs, now I can send it. Creative art level dude!
Talk about a finished product, this is amazing.
The slopes from ~60% onwards are all bugged on high refresh rates, and I would feel more comfortable sending this level once those got patched up
hype
wow this creator was once soooo unexperienced in the gameplay realm
Just favorited this level, no questions asked.
Interesting concepts 8)
Metal.
Awesome
welp
i accidentally got under the map, now im troumatized
first
i really like this, super creative but the gp is a little wonky
scientific analysis of a  p r i n g l e
amazing level, one of the best ive ever played. i wish i could beat it.
GG!
One of the best 9 stars I have seen in quite some time. This is truely special!
groooooovy :)
241att all coins gg :)
gg
I'm glad this doesn't live up to its name
So that guy DID steal the deco...
4 hours thats insane!
RECENT TAB!! xD
4 hours?..... nice
victor copied the first part is his level apex D:
shoutout to sink geometry dash
35003 stars!
What a letdown! (Just kidding its awesome)
Cool! :)
clean
GG
p sick ngl
GG! Amazing level :)
;
GG's! Pretty nice level for only 4 hours! Great song choice too!
why are every level flexing the amount of time spent on it and theres me who can barely place a bloc
Gg!!!TopNum85:)
too simple for feature imo
Cool & nifty 5* lvl... GG... Thanks a dozen... 8)
Impressive work, I like the atmosphere. Now I want to see Hollow Knignt videos.
:0
ok fr where the hell is gorb
Why did this come up when i put "easy" in search filter
really cute
i searched easy and got an auto?
Love the hollow night reference and the theme, sent :)
Love hollow knight
wheres elderbug lmao. nice level, 10/10.
i search easy rated levels filter bruh
Like if you found this level searching for easy levels
like if u search easy but this level is auto in the list
why is there an auto in the easy tab
Yeeeeessss
I SEARCHED FOR EASY LEVELS WHY DID THIS SHOW UP
bro i am searching only for rated easy levels and I find this.... wtf
wheres Gorb
i literally scrolled to the end of the easy featured levels and i found this XD
who is in the easy tab?
Nice!
bunny
Yay!!!! It's out!!!!
Glad Zero could get this done much faster than I did, you did a great job with this!
WOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sent, this is amazing
thanks for the tier 2
pretty messy, but still nice overall :)
GALAXY GAMER GG
least liked extreme demon idk why
Listen kids, everyone can have opinions NOTICE THAT
this level is amazing , good work :)
ew
that looks sick
This level had Crimson Planet disease. But it was worth the wait :)
Sweet level! :)
so
PRIMER HISPANO =)) GGGGG!!
rate when :C
govno
like if you like this level
like if here before feature!
Rob dont be drunk to rate this epic level. LIKE  for another EPIC..  DISLIKE for no star rate
TYSM FOR SUPPORTING GUYS! TEAMWORK :DDDDDD
Hope this gets epic rating, good job in all aspects guys!
I still think this is an Easy Demon because you buffed it.  Thanks for letting me be in this :)
Very solid and clean in most parts, though some were sort of under the bar. Overall nice, though! :D
can you get likes by saying something random
:(
Like if Valkyrie is one of the best creators
yes :)
poggers
Awesome!
I missed you
Sorry if my part killed you :)
lol 9 star become 8 star hahahahah, ty rob
A bit inconsistent, but still cool!
im just gonna... go now
Good level, sent :)
Love the energy of this level, great work
Ok Gerald, slow down.
-6984854390176336655 & -1044887956651363087, -240 90 -29
*Gameplay has left the chat*
1k downloads thanks yall!! now i can no longer revert my mistakes even if i want to
GG! :)
the last wave has an annoying transition and feels a bit weird, otherwise pretty neat
113k star
wtf are yall even saying im not even trans
they look more like my really old levels, wanted to try that style again
easy demon? I've played medium demons easier
GG! :)
very unbalanced, the waves were really awkward and annoying too :/
..... why is it easy demon now?
fun fact about this level: i do not live in romania
hi!!!!
horrible wave
GG! :) 139 Attempts! Very interesting coin, collected this at 60 fps! Very fun level, I liked it!
my name isnt geruglyphy
gg ,
i hate the ship at the beginning is can go burn
this level is annoying
gp is quite confusing and hard to read, but the design is nice
The designs are very inconsistent with each parts, some are also very messy
GG! :)
Really good
Awesome lvl dude :0 Great to see something nee from you!
if this gets top comment i will eat a bus
oh man i guess i have to finish this now
wack
ROBTOP RATE THIS EPIC LVL
pain
nooo rob dont stop
GG! :) 155 Attempts! Nice gameplay and music, interesting coins, but not hard! Very fun level!
GG! 28 attempts, GP is all over the place, really weird but it has some charm :)
Very good :3
Deco is pretty nice in the first part, but as the level progresses the quality degrades more and more
pecka
lets see it
Super level! :)
its a bit hard
Really cool level. I also appriciate how good the low detail works.
muy hermoso uw
Muy bueno! :3
I like this remake because of the design and the original, although the end feels rushed, but nice.
nice!
finally rated!
Very Cute :D
not bad =)
Cool level :)                                                     
awesome :)
cool
very nice
It's a shame you're late
cool! :)
GG!
Cool:)
Nice!
Cool! - 1 att
nice
Sweet :3
GG!! 1 Att :D
Awesome! ^v^
me gusta 
(no offense and I'm serious) you are all very good players, but not me.
Amazing :3
Please try to branch out and try something unique next time. You play safe on a LOT of your levels.
IKaira for mod                                         [click]
I'd rather see an original idea executed poorly than a safe and easy style executed well.
Not bad, pretty clean overall!
Muy bueno^^
pretty neat
Looking good!
q bonito es lo bonito :3
not bad :)
unzor is below hahha
Awesome! :)
(This is my last comment) and I say that it will always be my favorite level and very beautiful. :)
In some parts, the design looks a little messy, but still a good level. | Send to Mods.
@TheHuevon  soon..    8)
no, you are also lucky to have likes, but I don't deserve anything.
I love you Ikaira
GOOD! remember the old times
Lacking detail
Hope you all enjoy :)
amazing!
BRUH i cant start the level with 30, 60, 144 and 240hz
nice level :)
Congrats!
YOU ARE SO GOOOD
this will definitely get featured
man i had to change the song srry :((
some bugs fixed :3
damn this is fire
nice
Good job! Very nice!
amazing
im feel so much lagging XDD
it looks good at the beginning but it is a bit empty at the end
GG!
epic level! :D
Slick lvl. Absolutely ENERGIZING! Thanks for this blast beast of a lvl! Pretty groovy, too! GG. 8-)
nice invisible speed portal
why
pretty annoying
another rated level with a stolen objects             bruh...
can you please not put indicators if you don't need to jump
Coin: Tap the button at 34%, coin at 50-51%.
just updated. from trash lvl to something decent.
every level with this song sucks ass
level feels unfinished, the backgrounds look a bit lifeless and unanimated could use a bit more work
qwq
updating lvl tomorrow so i dont dissapoint ppl
GG!!!
no
The colors.... why brown...
lol secret way after end of first cube
bad transition
horrible
not bad, but the gameplay at the end is annoying :/.
Hey guys! Today I found it that is is legally required, that all levels using this song have bad GP!
nice transition
Really epic megacollab :OO
Very good level, GG! :)
GG! 16 attempts, very unlucky idek how lol ;)
woah! finally got on and I loved having participated my part is very old. <3
Pretty neat, quality inconsistent throughout the parts unfortunately ;w;)/
pretty fun!
inconsistent with a lot of parts overall, feels out of place as well with gameplay too
wowow
I love it
40 CP :')
really good megacollab , sent :)
At last it came out, thanks for letting me decorate in this lvl (Izann-MixerMP)...
some parts lacked a bit, compared to the rest, but overall, great jobs!
Very cool level 20k stars :)
really fun!
Really fun gameplay, more effort could be used in later parts but pretty nicely done!
GG! :) 28 Attempts! Very fun level!
Favorite level of yours so far :o
This was super fun to do and all parts fit together really nicely :D GG
GG 91 Attempts! fluke from 50%
noice
not bad, some parts seem outta place though
asem robtop ga ngeghosting trnyata.
Love it :)
jir w lupa komen
happy birthday!!!!!!! thank you for the dedication :)))
slamat slamat ulang tahun     ~Squidward
hbd konto
you can skip half of the gameplay
login
asik.mantap login
noice
Crazen's favorite level
great and hbd too :>
Cool!!!
OMG this level is perfect
wow, really nice collab :)
very nice. could have a better name tho
please creators it doesn't hurt to make jump pads visible
login
Nice! There is room for improvment in the gameplay department, but sync seems fime ;)
nice one, some transitions could be better, try to work on that for next levels, sent! :)
Reported the stolen one, cool level!
gp is weird, and so are the colors
TOOO much glow, and the gameplay really needs to improve. To get rated, this needs improvment.
not bad ;)
Neat design
horrible
Very nice but gameplay can be improved, this can get a feature. The 45% dash orb doesnt work well
this is awesome, great job :)
Pretty cool level! The gameplay is strange but I enjoy it for some reason, and the deco is nice!
not a big fan of the gameplay and the originality could use some work but overall cool level :)
This is reaaally good :O It just feels a bit weird in some parts, idk what else to say loo
I like the effects, but design and colors need more attention. Gameplay's also pretty weird
mmmm not bad?
easy demon imo
i don't love the gp, but nice work overall
Nice! sent :)
the design is amazing nice lvl
ONE OF THE WORST INSANES I'VE EVER DONE!!! >:(
clean
Pretty cool level. And also, thanks for dedication :^ evening when*
if this comment gets 20 likes, IKaira will make a demon level
how do you make such good levels in such a short amount of time?
Guys we officially have a cp speedrunner
GG! 113k stars =)
Bonito :)
your levels are incredible but they all feel the same
what? Wow.. thx rob :o... really ty!! <3
You should take more time building. Clean but it lacks of details.
GG's! Lovely level! =3
petition to kaira make a demon level
para ella :v
featured
Sentado de pana con BryanC2 , cierto ? xD
nice level :D
thx danolex :D ..                      666 downloads btw lol
buen nivel :)
Slow down and take your time on your levels.
vv
Nice work, sent
I wish the end of this level wasn't significantly harder than the rest of it :(
GG! 2 attempts, definitely easy demon :)
bro the blue orb placements arent very mobile-friendly
i hate this gameplay
I really like the environment on this level! Good job :)
fixed the 28% bug, sorry about that
gameplay sucks
not bad
Not bad
i hate the blue orbs in this
I know the gameplay isn't the best, keep an open mind this was made almost 2 years ago:) sorry!
35 attempts (+ 3 coins). #1381
gameplay is really fun. dont know why yall complaining about the lack of j blocks. its a demon lol
GG My 80th demon :D
lets goooo, late rate, but still happy though! :)
Really nice! ^^
;V
pretty fun :)
:/
Great!
Happy new year guys! :)
i wish the last 40% had some gameplay, but the art is pretty nice!
Really nice. Make sure you dont end your levels at 70% though. Still good nonetheless.
I need ULDM for the mobile players(and me)
dang, secret way didnt work afterall, well..free orbs
This is without a doubt the most amazing easy level I've ever played!! :O
epic 
What is this? .  _ .
on mobile this just lags your game too much and it also broke some of trails and WHY 70
Faltan 76 dias para Navidad 2021 :DD
Amazing :) 2020
Gameplay of the level is one minute and the animation is the rest of the level
As Sharkarie said, It feels too short. But still, very good art! :)
Yes, I know that the animation of the end feels a bit long, but the level doesnt last just a minute
6666 user coins
Secret way xD
I love this level , It's so good! :)
se me re bugeo en el 25%
:,)
Good modern style. Love it, except that it's hard to tell which are blocks and which are decos
I don't understand where the deco and where the gameplay
CONGRATS FAULT SENT YOUR LVL TO ROBTOP FOR FEATURE GG
I am Travis, Travis Skott
pretty nice level
extremely confusing details and block design, makes for really unfun gameplay
Not  a gay level ;) GG for feature!!!!
well, I'm Ellisha.. That level is cool :)
im the imposter
We are... I don't know
so cool.
im patrick
Epic coin guy
cammmm on we are unoticed creator give our justice xD
Epic! Really well made :D
whe are YOOOUUUUUUUU
this part is confusing because of untouchable bd background.
Someone: Who are you? Me: Ye
Second cube is really confusing. Cant tell whats solid whats not.
Nice level but hard to read
Beautiful, this song is one of my favorites! :)
lindo el nivel mas aun el gp del final
very nice one
FINALLY AFTER 2 YEARS HOLY THANKS ROBTOP I LOVE U
if this gets rated i'll probably improve a lot of parts since it looks kinda bad now :b
definitely a bit outdated, but still nice overall :)
epic
Good job to all!
al fin caramba
Best Polli's Masterpiece :)
defintely a medium demon,really fun!
Si este coso tendria sus honorables estrellitas...
my part is very bad :b
GG! :)
GG!
Plays more like Medium demon than Hard demon
laba diena
GGGGGGGG!!! 
Epic <3
me gusto amigo, se merece que sea featured
Great work! I really like your levels! :)
GG! 18 attempts :)
68 attempts. Fluked from 4%. #1393
This is amazing
why is this level so hard for me?
Very fun level, sent :)
love it
LOL I remember THIS
Nice level
how did i get 7% by spamming my mouse so hard
GG
@amidon ftg
this level is so much fun :) so upbeat and awesome! great job! GG :)
I Like It :0 
1.9 <3
Gg! Demon #490 OwO 10+ para los 500!
wow this gameplay is amazing
Cool 1.9 styled level :o
lets GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO mon reuf
GG!! Very fun level and great design ;)
First cp after I eat sandwich. Illegal to rate first cp before sandwich. This is the law
i hacked this comment, infinite likes now!
1 attemp GG
Why is this featured and daily lol
Apologies fellas, let's get to work
Dorsha is stuck in the 2.0 Meltdown style phase :)
when your best work is a piece of shi* compared to this.
First coin: 15%, just jump and hold in the arrow when spike go up, like?
Like=featured
666 likes nobody ruin it
wowww that's a
GG absolute feature idk if i spelled that word right
Ground Zero 2 is good
Im still proud of this level :)
My eyes are just asking me to sleep. GN guys!
Uhh... RubRub where are you?????
gg! deserves a feature!
Well I'm honestly really tired today but I'm gonna wait a little bit more before I fall asleep.
@lWurse ur making my life lWorse
Like this comment if sheep are fluffy
new GD world level?
this is so much worse than it has to be, its only the moving objects that ruin it
Today is the best day ever
i really hate the moving saws hathehatehThehatehatehate this
so annoying
the moving objects are so annoying :(
GG! :)
gg
ah yes, lets sacrifice the gameplay just for one menial visual element, totally worth it :>>>>>
GG all coins ^^
nice
cool
i cant tell whats deco and what not
GD SAMEOOOOOL
Mattrez - Bouncy
i died on 95 on purpose 8)
when matterz actually finishes a level :v
Amazing Grafics !
Neat :^)
Very nice level
wow...
The song and speed make it so epic :D
very good level
bad transitions
Awesome level, GG! :)
GG! 118k stars =)
wowowowow!
1.9 <3                                                                            
6 years ago? Damn
oh yes. another 1.9 rate.
Nostalgia's coming back.
1.9 rates omg
andro3d is such a based creator
GG, 5 attempts. How TF did I just sight read this so easily?!
Beautiful!
love it
GG! Harder 6 or 7
I dont think bad about design, but gameplay and transtition need improvement
leik it so deep kappa
ok how i did 33% on first attempt
lol 6 years ago
Why no stars?? Why no featured?? This is AMAZING
Nice job . deserves in featured ! when the collab :)
in 2.0 we r gonna do a 30 player collab (idk how.freedom came up with it) r u in??
RATE WCROPOLIX
Well-deserved feature even after 6 years, congratulations :)
Amazing!!!
I just lost the contest xD
should be feature
Good Level
i love old levels that get rated <3
When Xenorigin :)  Great level as always shoeless!
good 1.9 deco but annoying gameplay and portals
Very fun level, sent :)
why isnt this featured? it rox :)
Amazing!
Awesome! 6 Star Featured Level!
Awesome as usual
i will send to robtop :)
Sweet level! Keep up the good work!
The name remember me of Among Us
sussyimposteramongusatmyhouseat3:00am!:oNotClickbaitalmostdiedgonewrong!!!!11!!!1!!!!!!1!!!!1!!1!!!1
STOP. POSTING. ABOUT AMONG US!!!!!
while you guys go nuts about the name check out modus's music its pretty good
Really fun gameplay, GG! :)
modus more like modsus
I knew this level name was a bad idea
extreme demon? :)
Absolutely love it. You did an amazing job :)
Amogus
"the coin isnt that bad" me 5 min ago
this comment section is full of 6 year olds
why bro, such a great level but look at the comments.. 
I TOOK LESS ATTEMPTS THAN KRIT SPREAD THE WORD (38 attempts)
The drop looks sick, I really wish the other parts retained that style and quality though
CREWMATE    There are 2 impoders amond us
amogus
AmoGus
AMOGUS
amogus
BRO, the song became NONG in the middle of making this level bruuuuh
I was in despair
the level got featured on my birthday :)), literally the best scenario: Thanks Robbie <,33
"Song is not allowed for use." Get real!
good luck getting this rated without a song :/
I downloaded this song before copyrighted :)
No song = Bad level
my favourite place: EEE
Not bad! Some of the gp is hard to read, but I find the designs quite intuitive!
GG, with the song this is amazing
"sex wisely..." ???
song not alowwed for use i wanna see it :(
That was a fun level
Russian music in the level - Is the path to VICTORY!   8)
sad the song got nong, this is such a cool level :(
the funny song
gg
idek how i fluked this but i did 
gg 26 attempts fluked the final jump :)
unoptimazed
neat
THIS LITERALLY JUST GOT RATED WHEN I CLICKED INTO IT
Coin 1 : Skip all orbs in ufo part
skip every orb in the first ufo for coin, fun level
I like that!
very cool man
This looks awsome :o
epic
poggers
god
wait this is epic
Finally its done! this is so epic!!
nice!
thank you for this level!!!0))
Gooood :0
i got nothing to say this is just so good
holyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
el layout necesita ser mas visible y entendible, pero ta bien
Nice intro and ending cutscene! : )
good way to end Gd for today! goodnight! Also beginging transition is awesome
so cool ideas, the arrows being made with different colors helps a lot.
GG! Sightreading this was good 2P practice :)
this level is good, but robtop is unable to playtest his own game
The atmosphere is incredible, good job.
blocks look like Acu
whos river?
im really happy this got rated, u dont see 2player levels getting rated normally :)
The gameplay and music sync were absolutely incredible made you feel like playing 2 handed piano.
Finding Paradise (To The Moon 2), Impostor Factory (To the Moon 3)   :')
beaten with my friend who doesnt play gd :)
dang
for me?
hi
TO THE MOON WHAT AN AMAZING GAMEEEEEE
GG ALONE!, also for river means forever ;)
FRICK
Nice
nice 2 player level :)
frick
To the --_-_-_
le crece la nariz
yes, che is a word in argentinian spanish wich is equivalent to "hey"
bendy bendy arrows bendy bendy bendy
che, unas copas?
che *le crece la nariz
boca yo te amo siempre te sigo a todos lados de corazon
kavo
pucha me veo narizon
wait does che actually translate into something
* narizon *
will you surpass matt in cp???
This is a argentinian comment, or not?.
cuantas estrellas tenes?
GG's!
LETS GOOOOO
im drinking more milk soon boys
Messirve pa' las 44,444 stars
Mi primer nivel enviado a los mods y tiene estrellas, felicidades @Slopes
Che
YOU FINALLY GOT ANOTHER FEATURE LETS GOOOO
This is 7 stars but cool, sent :)
like comment if u think this should get featured
OH MY GODD
thank you the dedication Dex :33
stolen assets? i made them myself wtf
GG! 74,000 Stars :)
hi mexy
Congratulations my man!
First ship section is a bit weird since the platforms are moving in from the top and bottom.
omg gg man im proud of you :D
1 coin!
THIS IS SO GOOD
CONGRATS ON GETTING A FEATURE I MIGHT RETURN TO GD!
noice
huh
congrats first featured! :)
GG Dex, well deserved <33
Not bad, sent
fixed the out of place bg on the ball
fantastic
66 likes y ya tiene featured ._.
Pass : 12301 like?
Like if u died at the last UFO part.
truly mesmerizing with three hours of wandering, hehe ^^"
Good glow usage and awesome atmosphere.
great atmosphere
1000 stars!!
dont you know its not safe to fly during a storm
30,5k estrellas
gg
in russia, the army joins you
good level from my lag
what xLunaire builds in 3 hours is what I can build in 3 years.
Good level! :)
Easy 2*
GG 6.2k stars
gg 3 att
noches frias
very sad song
music sounds like sidons theme
GG, GRACIAS BROS :D
1+2+3=6, 1x2x3=6, so lereck is 6 years old
Yes, reupload
A M 0 R
tree
GG!! friend a pleasure to collaborate on this beautiful level <3
[09/10/2021] 11000 STARS ACHIEVED GG :D
nice song
All your levels complete!
like pls im sad :(
Holamor XDDDD
GG 42343243242ATTT
1+2+/\
When your icon is in the level:
3,000,000 ORBS GG
Sinko peso
And A M 0 R!!!
Nice
Deme sinko peso pa llevar :v
GG 15.300 stars 26/9/21 =) 
Thanks guys! <3
<3 thank u for everything
i recommend you go to a discord server from a moderator and send a lvl send request in a request cha
AYO CONGRATULATIONS BRO !!! SEEING YOU GROW UP STEP BY STEP UNTIL YOU ACHIEVED IT FINALLY.. HAS TO BE THE BEST FEELING !! CONGRATS !!!
500 likes GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
very fun! youve improved lots :) thanks for the dedication!
Some parts fells kinda empty, and they could have better gameplay sometimes. But It's a good level.
focus on thou gameplay more
Update: fixed dedication wall and added my new logo in ;)
hot af
I knew you had it in you all along, don't be so harsh on yourself next time Wave :)
YOOOOOOOOO YOU FINALLY DID IT I KNEW YOU'RE ABLE TODO THAT LET'S GOOOOOOO GGGGG ON FIRST CP
Came here from reddit lol. Great level! Congrats on the feature!
GG 90K Stars!
Just saw you post about this level on Reddit. You did a very good job!
thanks for the dedication. feature when rob!!
Update: i updated my Logo at its Final product! Thank you Rambostro! <3
:D
gg bro finally u got featured!
This has some great potential! I'm not sure about the black lines effect, but despite that well done :)
yra maffaka otpravil
cool level
nicee
ShuShu and CuCu WHAT?
krytoi level lol
moving object aren't predictable enough
gde raid?
6* tbh
GG! :)
but its epic
g
cucu la praline
ahuet
not bad
congragulations on getting your first rated level im so happy for you! i've seen your work awesome!
ggg
Nice
THIS IS RATED
nice
CuCuzao
saludos desde el grupo de gd posting Bv
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!
GGGGGGG!!! muchas gracias a todos por su apoyo,a los mods y a rob :D
I'll be waiting for you...
GG ;) crack lo lograste felicidades por tu primer featured eres un orgullo para Bolivia GG ;)
Like para que baneen a nick
Really cool level. :)
ola vengo a hacer mi trabajo
20k  GG
congrats on your first cp :)
Es que el lorogod
vengo de facebook Bv Gg por el rate:]
Un saludo para gd posting :)
nice! uwu
Cool! :)
Me sorprende que el Admin de un collab que estoy yo haya tenido Featured en uno de sus niveles :0
Woah! This Amazing! :D
GG's.
Good Job!
GG
that UFO seems way too hard for 5* lol
gameplay :/
Miguel serait fier de toi
I cant see orbs
@Extrox it is. it's a french word
Nice
I love the way this looks, although I feel the beginning parts are better than the rest
like if you are from mobile :(
glad to see you releasing another level again! good work
I love it!
noweek cannot be bothered to put any effort into gameplay whatsoever
GG!! ;3
GG's. You make great designs, but the game play doesn't back up the design well.
GG
Interesting!
Visually looks good but the gameplay is pretty bad. Also this aint 5 stars.
gg
52 att gg. Excellent design, but terrible gp
GG!
ldm please?
KPACHODAP
Creative, but I think there could be more things that'd make this lively
Congratulations with your first Featured level! :)
GG! secret way at 43% :)
Beregite reki i morya!!! KPyTO
KTO TO)|(E C POCCUU LAIK
russian
A huli ne ozero baikal?
Beregite reki morya eto pravilnyie slova
robtop i love you
I learned to row on this river :)
ya is krasnodara)))
RA SI YA   RA SI YA !!!RESPECT CHEL
Ya plachu :(
GG! :) 8 attemps your level is creative, and exelent gameplay, and fun 9/10
KO6DA BO/\6A?
Russian creator :)
norm reka
Dayli???
Gg!!!13attm
This looks amazing, and I found this on the recent tab
extreme demon i think
Special thanks for ysj1005
alright
congrats on rate, but how is it even possible to make gameplay this bad
Jonna Amazing
Password : 002021 :)
yes
so this is easier than Acu ?
This just confirms my hatred towards modern gameplay
oo
The sync on this is just insane! :O Love how dynamic this is as well! Could see this getting epic!
I BEAT IT!!! VIDEO ON MY YT
should be exd
why insane demon
i knew i wouldve died there
Pass is : 002021 Good Luck <3
GG! 1583 Attempts! pretty good level with a few minor annoyances.
idols song -_-
This is amazing! Deco is great! Feature-Epic wothry hard-insane demon! :D
I haven't seen the rainbow blocks in a rated level in years
Might be too bright and empty at the first half, but overall it gives me some cool vibes.
why do orb timings exist?
like this if you like food.
like if you died at 91%
so cool lvl bro 
would you go to someones funeral who didnt go to yours?
Vaya final
GG!!!! all coins
Good lvl :)
where is the deco
bruh nice gameplay :D 
YES! The perfect mix between decoration and level, love it.
Y MI MONEDA YO COGI LA MONEDAAAAAAAAAAA
se trata de hacer un gamplay divertido y decorar a tu modo :) .2
nice:(
50att plz fix bags
GG, 1 Att :D
2 veces perdi en el 98% pero al final GG 
gg 2 attempts
Geometry Dash Moderator Marble Race in Algodoo
password is the release date of algodoo, by the way
marble races were literally my childhood thank you for making this
my 5 year dream of a marble race themed lvl has finally been fulfilled. thankyo
my brain cells trying to figure out how the hell to spell preceisley
balls paradise
this is really neat. i watched a ton of these when i was 9 or 10, and would always switch to a different video whenever orange lost lmao
pass is 912009. like so others can see!
the nostalgia is real
marbe Race awesome
such a unique theme with a very solid execution, good stuff!
neat stuff <3
i have been balled
i absolutely LOVE the little details scattered throughout, super cool!! 
as someone who's content revolves around this - you absolutely did it justice!! great job :heart:
really cool
wish the start wasnt so sudden, but its neat overall. Nice work :)
Marble Race
a bit confusing but i beat it
balls
This comment will get liked for no reason.
GUYD I JUST BEAT BACK ON TRACK!!!!!!
Minebera esta llena hoy jaja
Thanks for daily!
Si
no way he beat impossible demon back on track by robert topala!
Heda :(
like for boy/girlfriend (autolike)
Jaja
Why'd someone like that stupid, unoriginal like beg comment by SEAturtle?
acomo vende los chicles de a peso?
I will do everything in my power to make sure a like beggar doesnt get top comment!
No
yeah yeah people trying to make "no.1 demons" but nothing can overthrow Back On Track like come on
almost favourite? who is your fav? we must destroy them
mainbe
human brain is the smartest yet the stupidest thing to ever be known
like this comment if u like my new ship
like if amongus dead
Pinecones Died in a Construction Accident his last Wish wasfor StinkyBurger to get top comment ---->
It's kind of hard to tell how hard this is actually supposed to be... it's quite inconsistent
level nhu con cac ><~
asd da beat!
DIT VAO LON SUONG
Autism Spectrum Disorder?
This is really interesting.
very unbalanced
really cool
lvl nhu con cac :)
Awesome! :)
great level but annoying and buggy gameplay i think
do em, asd la gi
Decoration is pretty cool! However I feel gameplay/difficulty consistency could be improved on
???
asd la j?
level nhu c
#7 on the leaderboard, #2 this week, coin, im below smiffy lol this was really fun, unique wave part
do em biet
unbalanced
nice transition
Nice one, sent :)
GG! Free coins :)
GG 7 CPS OMG
VIVA EL AM0R, VIVA EL COLORflux, Buen nivel chicos
Am0r that's me, hello <3
Lo siento ColorGod pero pusiste a una mona china en tu logo, me veo en la obligacion de seguirte ^^
Featured asegurado... 
GG congrats...
wow
ey bro yo tambien soy de colombia GG
PORQUE NO TIENE EPIC???
GG, 1 million orbs :)
16% first coin
a si se me olvido decirlo (VIVA COLOMBIA JUEPUTA
Viva colombia xD
Dragon-Maid God xd
1st coin: 16%, 2nd coin: 66%, 3rd coin: 98%
Buen nivel cracks
GG ataque loli :3
thoru
Dislike for roblox like for geometry dash.
ROB ITS 9 IN THE MORNING ON A FRIDAY STFU
Custom objects are a disgrace to humanity
decent work, but please never use custom portals/orbs if you're not using it for the whole level
50/10
You have found my weakness:seeing coffee without being able to drink it.
a toggle for the custom orbs is now added :) please dont attack me, its not my part 
it's 15:30 for me
pixelart part is hard to read
sus
61% it lag
i turn force smooth fix on so i can use the lag to speedhack
Why RobTop no rated epic level?, What RobTop now is pro builder?
The ldm does not stop the lag:(
coin 1: 18%   coin 2: 91%
ugh those custom portals and orbs are so anoying.
epic
Very cool :)
im a tea person
the mom level
Tequila
<3
i bet theres gonna be a coin h- *dies*
These types of levels are the ones I like as the coins are easy to get
has it ever been that you play a level without downloading the music and beat it one try..
Top 100 and you have no good level BRUH
20k Stars! O.o ;)
i hate dual wave
Tequila
mi debilidad :(
BHAC
3 attempts, 3 coins
I LOVE MY LIFE :)
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
i remember when levels were like this...
GG 3 coins
10000 stars!!
GG All Coins :).
arg
Nice deco :3
Hola buenas
like if my icon sus
"Like if tiktok sucks" Ah a classic
Wave part is trash...sorry....
Theres a bug at 101%. It keeps stopping and saying "Level Complete!".
give me bottom comment
You guys behave or I turn this car around and there will be no daily for anyone
Guitar se que me estas viendo
2.2 comes out on feburary 22 2022 because it is on a "two'sday"
Daily chat so aggressive today
yOu GoT GAMeS oN yO PHOnE???????11?
I was at the gym now I am eating. Daily soon :D
hi
is your mom geometrical cause I dominate her
that wave is the definition of real anxiety
if this gets top comment i will die at 99 percent on a demon
Pass: 258536
hi daily chat
anyways i'm gonna leave, make sure the top comments are good
NOOO NOT MY TOP COMMENT
im tired of all these generic modern levels
i love how you manage to make really simple designs look so good, a lot of creators fail at it
missed opportunity to use my "sway" font smh
Potente esta parte con lag , arreglalo......
Cool but sometimes can't read the gameplay !
Nice music sync and cool level but its kinda hard to sightread at the ball part
101 likes moment
ayyy it got rated! 
Nice :)
the last bg looks heavily like cubic and rayzns from vital. i didnt realize until the end (1)
si se les traba en la parte del 53 a 59% activen el low detail de al lado del nivel 
28,702 Stars, GG! :)
love it. very dynamic and animated. love the colors too!
asco de nivel ._. (en el gameplay)
:P
3000 Stars! Sway by DashDude
GG! :)
love the fact that now simplicity is key and at its maximum simplicity is cool and u did just that
the begining of this level scared me-
Honestly without the indicators I would have no idea where to click
i respect the fact that you make levels for fun, but i personally dont think this is rate worthy
To all the peeps who say that crocs lvls r ugly: Bruh, look at your face...
Don't blame croc for a bad level, blame robtop for favoritism
at this point croc could put down a single block and spike and it would get rated lmao
in my opinion not featured worthy but nice work :)
Guys she's just creating for fun, she doesn't get to say what gets rated.
honestly croc shouldnt get as much hate as she gets, come on guys, you can do better than be rude
GG! Coin: Down to 37%
i cant express enough how much youve improved since coming back
NOT HATE, BUT: This is more empty that the average college student's stomach
No hate to the creator or anything but i need some contrasting colors. i cant tell what is what here
gameplay is confusing
q00
the fact that this is featured is mindblowing
el ultimo en darle like la tiene mas grande 
this is not rate worthy imo but i like the level actually
sus
please make maps where you know what is going to kill you and not super confusing decoration
I don't blame croco but rob. How many good level isn't featured ? I think is favoritism
If I was the one who built this, it'd never get featured. Not trying to hurt anyone, it's the truth
Sin la "L" el titulo seria XD
Fun level, sent :)
ahora quiten la letra L xd
Average Trepuzzi enjoyer :gigachad:
vergas
GG, vergas
Pog
gg
Felt a little repetitive at times, but I like the designs here
quite decent, honestly would have liked to see more elements added to add variety throughout
really good matt ;)
me when
gg Lei verg*s xdd
GG :).
gg 3 attempts
1 att
pomezia merda
unbalance??? idk im bad at ship
decent
3 attempts very fun
A little hard to read gameplay-wise, but very beautiful design-wise. :)
I really wish rating standards prioritized gameplay over decoration, but maybe thats just me
if you dont like this comment you wont be able to complete stereo madness ever again
GG! :) Honestly,this level is pretty easy for a 5* level -.(0-0).-
this is normal or easy xd but GG :)
This is a scam comment, you like you get nothing
roses are red, violets are blue, i have a demon key, and so do you!
like if your smart
way way way to bright
934 stars, 15 atts
2-3 stars, why 5?
DUDE WHAT DID I FALL THROUGH AUBHUSHUBSUBSUS UHBSHUBWUHB
Great level, but why is it rated hard?
When stereo madness is a harder level.
what a hard 5 stars? it is easy complexity, stereo mednes is more difficult.
that is so free
Roses are Red, Violets are Blue, you now have free stars, and many orbs too!
like this if you like pizza
easy 2
GG, 1 att
petite pensee pour les non francais qui comprennent rien <3
dislike = bad
WHATS UP WITH THE RECENT TAB AND AWESOME LEVELS ITS SO GOOD!!!!!!!!
lol people still say GG on a 2 or 3 star level
LOL LMAO I FAILED IN THE FUNNY NUMBER , pls laugh i need attention 
j'avoue 75harris75
toi tki
PTDR , T QUI (pour ceux qui ont la ref mdrr)
wsh like si ta la ref du niveau
ouah c la premiere fois que je vois autant de fr dans les commentaires, ca fait plaise
on rigole deux seconde mais ce niveau est magnifique, GG aux duo
quel plaisir de voir un titre en fancais
So cool, died 2 times in the minicube lol
really amazing :D
:)
nan mais ptdr t ki ?
putain t francais
nn mais vrmnt ptdr t ki
moi : je fais level "ouais il est sympa,passons a un autre" *regarde le nom du level* haha bien vu
j'suis spider man fil de ****
whos avery
how do you have 6 cp with just one level
only mobile players can like this comment
how can you be mod with 2cp
Let's go Avery
im a bit sad this song was used for a level thats only medium length but it looks real nice
call me biased considering this is dedicated to me but Got Damn this is some incredible decoration
we should dedicate all good things to sherry
Comment flagged as spam                                      show
ah yes. . . a medium demon ship in a 7 star
GG! :)
level so good i beat it twice - really, thank you <3 ill be here any time you need!
we just love the random demon rated ship in the middle
gg 10 attempts interesting gameplay
Estrellas gratis :)
 
banger
In my profile I have a message for you <3 (not spam)
sherry just got friend zoned
cmo qmo este n8vle dios
i absolutely love the variation this level provides AWESOME work
Cool visuals, but oh man the gameplay... way too confusing
FEATURE WORTHY
why are my eyes red
I beat Deception Dive and compared to this... Deception dive is actually balanced.
true
I like it!
I love how the awarded level underneath this one says dont do drugs, but this one says the opposite
constructive criticism: good level, but too buggy
gg 
GG! :)
finally, I've been waiting for this
This level is so good, I love it! GG! :)
This atmosphere is so immersive, great job!!
mucho lag, una porqueria
glad to be a part of this :)
GG! First victor on mobile (I think) Amazing level. Trust me, the gameplay gets consistent...
GG! 406 attempts :)
I cant wait to beat this and say nothing except it gets consistent
since it tells the story of somelne who is an addict, its funny because they will never make it.
uno
bro what song is this
Pretend there is a "n con tilde" here.
Tenth circle done! wait...
GG! 1 att. I like this:)
I agree with the comment below
GG! Free coins :)
GG!!  3 Coins :D
this is sh1t                                                what
lol 1 att
GG! 1 coin
lol
very cool song!
i like so much this level
1 att something about minebers gameplay is so good
Levan polka
somehow I one attempted this
GG 1att (Stream)
lmao
la cancion da sida
haha HHAH HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAH AAHHAHAHAHAHAH HAHAHHAHAA HAHAA ANOTHER FAILED
this would've been neat in early 2.1 but nowadays it just doesn't really hit the spot for me
this is really cool
Visuals are somehow good enough, but this drop... . . . ..  . .. . . It's super boring honestly
it was star rated 3* for a sec and I was so excited then this dude made it 4* bru
I Liked :D
that 4x speed wave scared me every time
b w o m p
i like this old 2.1 style alot.
GG! Free coin :)  nostalgic song!!
processing deez nuts
the drop is pure copy & paste XD
god level 
AGAIN who see it without rate?
29 000 stars :)
im not a fan of how the drop goes from slow to fast 
interesting
GG con coins facil
put blast before the name of this level and you will get a level that has 999x less detail then this
gg
Oh this looks sick.
this is honestly super unique. nice!
I PLAY GOMY DAS
i swear if newgrounds bans this song, i will throw my phone off of the window.
Lets go! the song is back!
that's a spicy meatball
I...I...I CANT SEE :(
trippy :)
Cool and not cool at the same time.
gg
literally how was i supposed to know that the ceiling was gonna change my gravity
Excelente Nivel!
this needs to be epic right now
The wave looks so clean.. keep up the great work~!
sometimes it's a bit hard on the eye but it's so trippy I love it!
:O
Well, that was lagtastic
These kind of songs are kinda hard to represent, but you did it perfectly 
Nice work
this is the best thing ever
(klu)tz by (pa)ra
Really cool :)
#ratewecare
GG! :)
first victor !!! very good!!!! !!!!
oh yeah another wonduu level i'll never be able to beat
Really enjoyed verifying this! Thanks for giving me the chance! :D
love the way this looks colorwise
very very bad gameplay
extreme demon in my opinion
a klupa is a bench
burger is enjoyable
dhsa i love the colors and effects, amazing work :D
fun fact, klupa means bench in bosnian :)
congratulations
great job to both of y'all!!!!!!!!! =]]]
when para 
hola wonduu
progressssssssss
DEMON 
Hola personita que esta leyendo esto ^v^)/
Good level, thanks for the dedication :)
Listo shaggy ya borre las letras innecesarias =)), solo deje la primeras ya que es mi toque jajja
The passcode is 891362, you're welcome ;)
por las nudes
GRACIAS PTMRE TWT!!!
Tu niveles estan:
Chilleando ando B)
This get featuring! not bad bro-
Aveces lo simple sale muy bien y eso fue lo que hicistes buen trabajo bro
Good level thx for the Dedication :)
i hate those comments that say "like for a cookie" and somehow they get top comment
Good Bro !
Bug del 57% arreglado xd
Nice level :)
Soy retrasado ._.
nice level :)
por el suelo
first cp or beg rates
DonCalvo Tenemos los mismos colores xd
not bad, but the style itself isn't very transformative and could be more detailed, sent for rate
Lol summer vacation? My own ended 2 days ago. but cool lvl tho
You guys did a nice work, together, hope to see it getting featured soo, love it so much<3 
14K stars, GG:)
GOOD JOB FRIEND!!!! SO PROUD OF YOU!!! i cant get a cp:( but I Will One Day!
Update: Changed some colors for variation and added a few small details
lol secret way
patched secret way rip
:D
2000 likes
this is really good
sweet level :)
gg
hope you feel better soon man
GG :D hermoso
another 1 attemp level
Amazing structuring, didn't enjoy UFO GP, but all else was great! Star #42 of the day! :)))
10k plays already :o
Looks amazing! :)
Amazing level!
All my homies hate invisible speed portals
so beautiful...
el nivel es hermoso, espero y obtenga el rate <3
GG 4000 user coins :D
Invisible speed portal :/
I Love This! <3
stupidos portales de grabedad
GG! 3,500 stars! Epic level!
gg 1 att 2 coins I love this :)
GG
lindo
nice level !
how many people hate water
GG!
Very cool and fun :)
ohh me vengo,ohhhhhh im cumming!!!!!!! AHHHHHHH
Chill :)
Bro
GG's. 2 Coins.
like si moriste aqui xD
RobTop: 8, take it or leave it
Fun level, sent :)
9% with 9 attempts and 9 jumps on a level called NINE made by 9 creators
pretty cool
insanes are harder than easy demons change my mind
Wow.. This so hard.. but VERY FUN!!! :D
Nice!!
neat
It's real nice map, but I think not 9 stars XD
ah yes nine, like the age of people on tiktok
circles
INCREDIBLE JOB
circles.... NINE CIRCLES :O
sixty
robtop loves jokes
subscribe to the guy below me
#ratenine
epixo :3
missed oppurtunity to make it a 9 circles level but awesome level you guys :)
Circles
oh wow its an actual level in the recent tab, hope it does well dude!
Definitely should be demon
cool
limited edition quidely
interesting concept but looks kinda messy
Cool ideas, though a bit hard to read at times, even at the start
This took me 119 attempts with coins. an easy demon takes me around 10 attempts. This is hard demon
HAHAHA, NOOOOOOO
If i was a mod i would 100% send this for feature!
neat concepts, i just dont like the brightness in some parts, but overall its a good level. i agree it should be demon though
IT SAYS POOP ON THE BOTTOM, THATS A BLESSING
gameplay is kinda shit ngl
i know where im going but i dont know where im jumping
it is pretty cool, but gameplay gets difficult because of the excessive deco, also secret way at 49
darnoc is the definiton of awesome
Darnoc close Synth riders for a second and comment on this level plz
ill see what i can do for the 3rd coin, sorry about that :(
88888 stars, should maybe be demon
8 Stars? my ass!... This took me 132 att. this should be medium demon because of the whole end!...
yeah
thanks for dedicating this level to me and me alone
Decently well done glow usage. But the gameplay is barely sight readable.
POV: you're trying to find disps dedicated section
DEEZ NUTS
gg
Who else died here?
thanks for dedicating the level only to disp... and me :0
this is beautiful!
this level MUST have a feature ...
Funny death effect at the end
Deez Nutz
deez nuts
Cool
Congrats
deez nuts
Man i love that Ball part near the end! like hell yes
noice concept
El gameplay <3
48 attempts.
gg :)
future funk III
Rob feature this!
really fun level
YOOO THIS IS LIKE CECA 2
Pretty neat :)
Wait.. im playing Future Funk 3?
que buenas duales,mas buenas que mis primas okno
sus
why do i hear a guy dying in the background? 
should be in time gauntlet :)
Un completo asco las duales del final
I like this broo so funny :)
wooooo this is so fun
certified not onion!
the dual was amazing!
Dual was actually fun wow
Wauw
imagine not knowing the origin of ceca
thank you for making an ACTUALLY FUN asymettrical dual
I can actually see this being featured. Very well done!
:D THAAANKS OMG
I just want cp before 2.2 since it will be impossible to get it on 2.2 lol
coin way starts from 35%, only need to go to the top in the robot part
level ended before the intro of the song was even over
Nice music <3
HAPPY BDAY ANDRIX
Im rated no way XD
toren how about you actually make your own level
1100k :D gracias
the white fade transitions are kinda weird but otherwise good lvl
The umbrella is SO CUTE
The Clouds Give Way el nivel es buenisimo muy agradable este nivel, se los recomiendo, juegalo.
Nice !
You should focus on more atmosphere next time, the song feels very disconnected. Good level tho c:
subwoofer hello
bom bom bom bo booooooom
I said it was gonna get feature:)
GG. 36,471
Woah!!! That's an absolute magnificent level!!!! Love it so much!!! Congrats Revan!!! :D
pov: your icon is in a level
Probably the best execution of a "player color level" I've ever seen
BRO gameplay is not good at all (for 6 stars)
7* or 8* tho
Didn't like the gameplay but at least it looks good
Banger
This gameplay is a big no no for me
Banger
Finally 1.9 stylish levels as featured!
horrible last part
Banger
dogshit
Banger
Super duper cool, we need more playercolor-centric levels, especially great ones like these :)
Banger
bad gameplay
Banger
that's my 467th demon in the bag
This should be an 8 star
ldm gang
fvck this level man
unreadable, unintuitive and terrible gameplay
sw didnt seem to be worth so I beat it normally. Gameplay is beyond garbage.
Like this comment if youre from Vietnam
This is one of the worst rated Insanes I've ever seen, gg
The gameplay is not good. But, it is so beautiful to see how was Vietnamese made it! :D
SUNG SUONG QUA AE !!! GG !!!?!
tell those 4 people to work on gameplay next time, this was awful to play
this is just a disaster...
literal garbage
pure cancer level
The design is impressive, but the gameplay is just...garbage
no more secret way, i have to dislike for the gp now :(
maybe you should focus on the actual level instead of just the end screen, the gameplay is terrible
this is very buggy and unsightreadable, plus SW at 55%. please focus on your gameplay.
this has some of the most abhorrent gameplay i have ever seen. A shame tho, as the deco is good
garbage
absolutey disgusting gameplay. i'd rather shove a racoon up my 4ss
Got rated. Now I will djt chinh minh
Hay lam viet nam
Unbelievable, super terrible gameplay
Cool :O
Fun level, sent :)
Nico level :pepeStare:
Finally u got 100cp!
cool level! there needs to be more simple levels like this!
Second Italian rate of the day, interesting :eyes:
Very good
And this was featured? Wow Im impressed!
very nice :)) gg
i lik mirror portals they ar not cridge
EEEEEEE 100CP
Congrats for you 100 cp Nico.
gg on 100cp
i like update
lel
One of the most fun gameplay I've seen in the featured section today
GG bro, creo que lo vi en twitter o no se
GG All Coins Finally.
The 1.9 deco style is my favorite, beauty level! =)
GG =), extrao este tipo de decoracion y de gamplay
not bad brother sent for rate :)
arent you like 12 why are you asking to put your balls in my jaws
dedicated to knots
I'm glad to see this collaboration finished :)
ionn is grinding on those CP :0
this is, knot bad ;)
cAn i PuT mY bAlLs iN yOur jAw
My part is trash lmao
please dont pander to mods it just comes off as desperate
estoy en un nivel con feat soy famoso
thx rob!!! =D
gg secret way at 86%!
cool
good level (;
knots is super cool
Knots is GOD,why not cool
No no no. Knots is Knots
I agree. Knots is cool c: | 36,965
GG on feature! Dang i thot i would be first to ten cp but ig it just didnt come around. gl on 10cp!
literally my ship died to nothing, first spider green orb is bugged also ufo hints are wrong
10 Likes y me corto una oreja '-'b
Sent :)
kinda neat, wish the backgrounds and designs had more variation tho
Could have been a little less repetitive, but overall pretty neat. :)
pretty repetitive, but the colors themselves are quite interesting. Sent for rate :)
nisiquiera queria esa oreja :'v
Ayyy I love the colors in this one
Very relaxing to play it, one of your best modern levels without a doubt, I love it! 
20cps, 04/09/21.
Your backgrounds and colors are always so amazing dannyyyy!!
7 attempts
art and block designs go very well together, nice gameplay and great colour combos, overall good lv
Looks pretty clean, but deco is basically the same changing only the colours...
buen nivel bb
I love how organized it's and the colors, you've improved a lot, keep it. :)
What is pass?
F por la oreja de JoxxGD
Nice Level!
Increible :)
RATE
Coin 1: No toques la orbe verde al 5 - 6% Coin 2: Click en la orilla de la plataforma al 48 - 49%
<3
Clever use of the font, wish you didn't make a 15% long endscreen though.
look at that im there wow guys
However, I liked the colours in the backgrounds, but I wish the level was longer to show more stuff
rlly cute :3
I <3 this style! I really feel cold and like I'm outside in the rain when I play this. Sent! :)
glad to see my name on that list, its unreal how mjch u have improved :)
simple, but good
I like the part of the credits hehehehe
:)
your gonna get like 30 cp in like a week
GG, 34k stars!
when i dont pay attention >:0
<3
GG! 53k Diamantes :)
GG! All coins, but gameplay could be so better :)
rob please i have 2 level sen rate one :((( lmao
amazing atmosphere, feature worthy <3
<3
this time i actually put in the effort to make a ULDM
i guess the lag might be on purpose. I got about 130 fps average. Might be lower on low-end devices.
I'd have liked to see less repetitive designs in the last 2 parts, but still nice. Sent for featured
My laptop is plugged in 8)
Could use some polishing here and there but honestly I'm a fan
Like if you like pizza or if your here before the rate or feature
GG! 34,000 Estrellas - 20/10/21  :)
whaat??
Idk!
I think my phone is about t---
GG! Very good :)
gg
Brilliant!
gg 5 attempts
power outage
26.4k st9a, good levle
GG
gg
GG! :)
cool level hauxz but 79% is ratio worthy
Cool
It might be a bit empty when it comes to aerial and background decoration, but very nice level ;)
the coin is in the Baanz logo, like?
300fps bug a 60fps piola
el principio se siente un poquito vacia en cuanto a objetos, pero lo demas es muy epico, buen nivel!
i complete this in the bathroom
space W
#UnbanBaanz
Very glad this song is being used more often, one of the better Creo songs imo
Don't play this level in 300Hz. The cube section is unplayable. I had to change to 60Hz
like if here from Cosmic Adventure
Baanz GG
realmente epico
banz
nice atmosphere
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Cosmic Dub - bayoo
bugg
cosmic dubbayoo
Awesomeness
bts = bangladesh toilet service
I don't speak Spanish
robtop it's army confirmed
when your kpop fan gf leaves you for a guy named jun-gool bok
reported
bts ftw (born to sh1t, forced to wipe)
this is the biggest crossover since ninja and fortnite
secret way.. sad ending :(
BTS Is Sh1t
Go below the platform at 42% to unlock coin
like if bts biot
BTS Army will mad when they see this level? idk
I hate BTS, road to most disliked!
bts = bendo tamales sabrosos :v
bts- barangay tanod squad
bts biot :)
bts gay
RobTop is Army? 
trash
bts gay
Like if your name is not table
Shrympo... you've improved so dang much. I knew you had creative potential the moment I was introduced to you, fantastic job bro! GG! :)
This gameplay is somehow garbage and actually fun x)
video gaming
dope as hell designs, but unfortunately the gameplay is rather awkward
dsfghebk,mndfjhkrgedfsghiouljrfhjuesrdhbgersv
Very good level, GG! :)
valwec by shampoo
Awesome stuff!
Last night, I dreamed I was swimming in an ocean of orange soda. But it was just a Fanta sea
GG! 380 attempts, definitely some bugs present unless I was missing something ;)
like for extreme demon
RIP Insane Demon...
Love
Amazing :0
Valwec complete in 1064 att and two days! Fluke from 73%. Love the gameplay, its so satisfying
Like if you came from nexus video
yay epic :D
Unreasonably hard timing just for 'The bite of 87' jokes check
this... isnt hard demon.
<3
Happy we got this done so easily! Sequel soon? :)
Pass is 951159! Please Like!
thanks dorami for the 50$
oksana verdict
obama verdict
Ohuenno
AXYEHHO
cool project
GG First Virtor :D
this level hotter than my graphics card
BURGIIR
One of the buggiest level i ever seen but fun
when is infernity getting rated
BEST INSANE DEMON!
why not epic(
One thing i learned from this level is to not overthink when im far. 89% 87% 81%x4 75x6 1912 att. GG
Fk i cant download song
Fun level, but the end is absolutely unbalanced compared to the other parts.
bro this is insane
honestly not a bad level, really not a fan of those black screen flashes though
1st coin : 25%, above the obstacle just after the portal. 2nd coin : 69%, under the portal
so many black flashes
no veo un pingo
pass: 280821
Sent :)
Cool :)
dude, don't make the screen flash black and don't make a whole bunch of black lines, like my guy :|
i have a featured level called "SonorouS" which is quite weird.
like si no sabes a donde estan las conis
GG BROO :DD!
VAMOSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Dartrix se olvido de mi
sus
Joel Huerta, te ando viendo por el grupo de GD ._.
get rid of those annoying af black flashes and strokes then it will be 100 times better
tu vieja
it should be 6 star
11500th star :)
STOP black flashes pls
Take your before feature ticket here :)
Not a fan of early 2.1 but it was pretty fun, sent :)
When I saw the song I thought it was gonna be a rick roll
Like If U were Here Before Rate :)
digging the colors, even if it's a bit simple :)
Neger vona yive gou up.
i stan early 2.1
HELLO 1ST FEATURE FOR MA DUDE RIGHT HERE
I thought this song rickrolled me the first time I saw the song name
hey canonblade you forgot a "gonna" and a "you"
Looks a little bit outdated but i love the colors and gameplay, good job!
GG 1 att. only... The song here will always have a special place in my heart... Thanks... GG. <3 8-)
into the unknown into the unknown INTO THE UNKNOWWWWWWWWN
First creator points, GG :)
34450 stars.
lolityan privet :)) lvl pizdatiy
if this doesent fricken get daily im gonna play gd in my closet for an hour
im really a fan of early 2.1
ti iz bivshego servaka shadow'a?
                                                                                 f e e l m y p a i n
Deco could be better especially from you but it's really fun, sent for rate :)
its my birthday :)
people out there dying in the military while some people are furry roleplaying
roses are red, violets are blue, like if you want 2.2
What do you guys think today? More rates after food or more rates after gym?
LiKe oNlY If u hAvE No cReAtOr pOiNtS!1!!!!!!!!1!1!111!!
I have a girlfriend. Her name is 2.2. She doesn't exist ;)
@Zulpii My day was pretty fine, had a few minutes of... reflection, let's say. But now it's all OK.
Anyway, I feel my eyes getting a bit heavy so I think I'll go to sleep. GN everyone and stay safe!
_________/\/\____________/\/\/\__________
mfs disliked my comment bc it got likes too bad I don't care LMAO
@chiascat i will only give u a 1 minute comment ban if this comment gets 10 likes
how do you change username i want to kill 9 year old me
ok last message for tonight i will either lurk or not lurk who knows, goodnight yall
@Belastet Indeed man. I was first mod around 5 years ago.
Rob your daily is late, Im throwing you in the Viking Arena
passed  020000 like wis coment : )
"if i was rubrub, i would release 2.2 rn"  Think about that for a moment
Hey @Hutnix )/
mk well i gtg remember top comment is for losers k byeee
Thief!
2.2?
1 Like=0,1% Michigun Alive.
stolen assets from unknown name level from 2.2
Bonito
Impressive recreation.
this comment is wasting 5 secs of your life
Very cool recreation, sent :)
Dude ur so talented at creating! This really feels like the 2.2 sneak peak :D
alguien mas vino por nexus?
Like this comment so people can know 2.2 COMING OUT IN 2022!!!!
lets 6o
Very nice level, this is a great style I hope to see more creator's spin on it :)
like              cause idk                                           nexus is cool?
like si vienes del video de nexus :v
i saw Nexus play it and now i am
1=1 vote for this to be daily level
like if you came from Nexus
why did everyone come because of nexus?
I hacked this comment so normal players cant like it
GG! FLUKE DESDE 0% XDDDDD
Very well done. The colors really do wonders on this one.
Definitely not a Hard Demon.
I decorate in mobile so i cant use more than 80k obj, so I optimized the more I could to do 78k obj
Everyone that sees this comment, rate this Insane Demon
imagine spending time to practice a insane demon, then the next day it's a hard demon
like if ur here before feature
why is the wave after the dual extreme demon
this has more bugs than the entire amazon rainforest
sweet
Hey Siri, whats a good name to give a space themed level?
super cool, great job!
why are 8 and 9 stars harder than easy demons
GG! :)
WOW!! My first insane demon
I reverted the buffdate
594 attempts, pretty awesome level. definitely insane demon though
insane demon imo
GG after 7 deaths at the end. super consistent but got unlucky as hell. insane demon imo
GG! :)
level sucks disliked 
Love the atmosphere
i dig the vibe
99,000 stars, we're already close...
YEAHHHHHH GOG BONE
This is good for "a quick little level for funsies"
Invisible size portals = bad
glitch cant get past 15%
pov :you liked for no reason
I beat this Just a second ago.
JUST A SECOND MOM IM PLAYING GEOMETRY DASH
GG! GP is so weird like deco but atmosphere is nice
7 or 8 star imo this took me 38 att
Sight reading levels with invisible size portals is my passion
Freind: whats this level called? me: just a second
"Just a second" This level have more than 1 minute >:|
disastrous gameplay
woah this is so good! :DD
Interesting!
why doesnt creator have cp lol
<3
Muy bonito :)
The gameplay is REALLY fun here. Love that every part also tries different designs.
not bad :)
Coin: in the wave part from 73% to 78%, touch more than 10 times and you will get the coin. =)
Pretty good remake
never translate key cow into filipino :/
WHY IS THIS LEVEL STILL NOT FEATURED
srnt
Incredibly fun :)
Cool
im not the brother of topi,but EVERY LEVEL I DO IS 69
Yoo! it just got featured! Congrats ^_^
wow best lvl i ever played
IIINePtunEIII: 8)
pop off
I LOVE ALL!
lets goooooooo.                                              bruh
POG THIS LEVEL SO AMAZING
like if u came from dorami 
this level is crazy unbalanced
1 min ago lol
bad gamplay sry
I PLAYED THIS WHEN IT CAME OUT LOL
This Rainbow Six Siege players...
Never gonna make spikes blending with the bg color.
GG nice level
horrible gameplay
F
Looks somehow really copy pasted and a bit empty. But not bad :)
This is amazing! I love it so much! Thanks for the amazing level, buo! ^w^
Cool level :)
GG thanks for free coin :)
Interesante decoracion :) me gusta
how is the ice black ?
it's so god Bv
pocas veces seve 7 estrellas, 275 orbes
no 59 bug. hold jump as you enter x3 portal to buffer into the grav portal. no need to thank me.
he knows that the glass is not black I hope 
Nice level :)
OH MY GOSH I ACTUALLY BEAT IT LETS FLIPPING OG J&R(*#TY*GWH$B ihj%kt
Fantastic and fluent gameplay, and on top of that a very unique style. This should get weekly >:)
hoping for epic, liked this a lot :)
very pog of hamp
ive beaten this level at least 3 times now its so fun
bruh what do yall mean rate no feature ive seen featured levels way worse than this
pass is 343137 no likes
i love this
I like the style here, really nice gameplay too :o
LETS GO GG
This creator is going to marry a dash orb some day
nice stuff
congrats on your first creator points!!
Beat the new temporary citadel in ring 2
claim before featured ticket here------->
GG! :)
GG! 6 attempts, more of a 9* ;)
GG! :)
i forgor
Gameplay at its finest.  SUPER underrated level. ;)
spark sent over 150 levels in 4 days. Because he was kind. Yeah hacking was rude. But spark is cool.
but like... All of the legit mods aren't the best at being mods but somehow the unlegit are awesome.
my comment got flagged, eh? Spark was a good moderator. And I get that he hacked.
hard -> medium -> hard -> easy?? its medium demon
How is this an easy demon?
nyx i am in your walls
i'm glad you all like the level, that was my main goal with this one <3
WTH SPARK WAS UNMODDED NOOOOOOOO SPARK 
Incredible both gameplay wise and deco wise.
fr though good on you for admitting that you were in the wrong
This is NOT an easy demon
I like the level but the level doesn't like me
At least you were honest about it. Hope to see you around soon man, take care 
7 98% fails. i couldnt even get angry at the coin bc the rest of the lvl was so fun to replay. gg
GG! :)
easy demon?! WHAT IS THAT DUAL
tfw you get dedicated to twice
hard to learn, easy to master, super duper fun :)
Really fun to play from 0, a bit annoying to learn though, nice job on this :)
oh my goodness arb's coment on twitter aged so unbelievably well :skull:
DO YOU KNOW DA WAE?!
must not say it. People will say its old meme...
MONKE MONKE MONKE MONKE MONKE MONKE MONKE MONKE MONKE MONKE MONKE MONKE MONKE MONKE MONKE MONKE MO
this is actually really cool, and super fun to play too, just wish it was more detailed :)
da monkey???
anyone from the recent tab? lol
Where are the Bloons??
Rob its old meme
I have learned 'de wae of de monke'
reject humanity. become monke
the sequel to this level is out lol go play it!11!!!1!!!
For a better experience, eat a banana before playing the level
buy your bananas, cost: 1 like
I'm a bit late, but congrats! :D
2k likes! Tysm!! =D
certified monkey moment
do u kno de wae
YES IT GOT FEATURED
M          O            N            K            E
this level is bananas!
who else read the level name as "never gonna give you up"
N E V E R G O N N A G I V E Y O U U P
dislike for fornite, like for Geometry Dash
guys stop never gonna give you up jokes lmfao, the level wasnt about that lol
Not bad, I liked the last part but I wish the rest lived up to that amount of variety
i thought i was gonna get (rickrolled)
Rick Astley gonna give up you . Saaay goodbyyyee
Actually really good, good luck on your first Creator Points! :D
NEVER GONNA GIVE YOU UP NEVER GONNA LET YOU DOWN
rickastley comes into the room
I Played Never Gonna Give You Up In Class Lol
im giving up
Never give up but put gonna after the never and you after the give
never gona give you up, never gona let you dowwn
never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down
never never never never gonna give you up never gonna let you down never gonna run around and desert
Never Gonna Give You Up
rickroll
if you can do it, JUST GIVE UP. -One of my classmates
never gonna give you up
ig me
garik harlamov)
Michigun!! 
gg 30,3k =)
1000th user level beaten today!!! thank you recent tab
Top 13 gg, Bye GD =)
not bad, level really could have been improved if it were longer and if the gp was more fair though
jaja me dio risa el troll face xD y nada mal
epic :o 
GG 10800 Stars <3
the triple is so mean >:(
GARIK HARLAMOV AHAHHAA
.
Really cool :)
cancion fachera
10/10 great song great level
robtop epic this awesome shit already
Amazing level but, I think the camera movements and the first two parts are quite poor
Gp needs improvmemt but overall its a good level
wow!
tysm everyone <3
good work brother sent :)
Fun level, sent :)
Otra vez esta cancion...
congrats on first cp :))) please improve on transitions, i kept dying at the transition haha
creators needa stop putting invisible pads in transitions
GG!
i cant understand half of the words in this song
gg
gg! 30,500 Estrellas :)
welcum to cp family :)
ez
fun level
Planet. Star. Thanks for clarification. You made my life easier.
really love the visuals!
nice song and nice level
this is knots effort right there, wow
wiw!!!!
what
gg on first cp
There's potential in the level, but quality drops in the second half and that last 15% doesn't help.
The second half of the level is quite low in quality, but I like the rest.
This is pretty nice!!
1st Coin: Go Up At 21%. 2nd Coin: Go Up At 71%. 3rd Coin: Free At The End.
soy el unico que vio el secret way que te mata en el 67
some parts are a bit empty and look unfinished, but for the majority it looks fine :)
in my opinion, the gameplay is really annoying.
i love ship and ufo part !!!
buggy af
bug
:D
very cool!
mira pense que era una copia de un nivel, sos un fiera. CAPO
GG
Crazy. RUN FOR 1000 STARS!
very buggy
UwU 
Your clean style is always special for me :)
I love the ball part. gg
My 304th level beat!
how is this not rated yet lol
actual masterpiece. easy send lol
1st degree burns from how hot this level is
closed on sunday
Whos from EVW
modded nether
lol
impressive! :o
this slaps
got past first 3 parts! :D
Dont Look At Me.
Banger
like this comment if you think this should be rated and featured already
Ayyy!"" GG new hardest
Fire!
gg thx for letting me playtest! :)
i watchin evw meanwhile ago :)
is this the sequel to wings of angel?
The first wave part is the worst thing in human history.
like for cats, dislike for dogs
Big floppa
Like if you love floppa ;)
Your DAD
Save big floppa or imposter sus? like for floppa dislike for imposter sus!
always with poo
OMG! A protogen-creaton! I'm glad I found furry :3
why my mom
"give people time to react to gamemodes"...or just get better :)
ur mom
very ColBreakz song there
wtf...
ha jokes on you i dont have a mom >:)))))
always with balls, becuase males cant remove the completely
your mom
tap before yellow pad on 9% for the coin!
2 att mobile
Some hazards look as deco and I can't tell what's safe. Good level tho!
your mom
but my mom is dead
this is the comment help ur welcome
pahc circles
Croc getting a short length level rated would be the funniest thing in the history of the game
Pahc backwards is Chap, that's cool right? No it isn't, ik that 
you can have wendys when youre older
mom its been 2 weeks when are we gonna buy that wendys like you promised
Rule of thumb: To get likes, say something nice, like "Cool Level!" or "Wow, amazing!"
Now thats mod simping
SAVE AS Circles
croc, remember me?
whats next, kleptircles
 
69
1 like = 1 prayer
69
GG!
gg
47.500 stars!
gg 3 attempts
free stars i love you
GG
taking the L
Please add the disable pulse trigger. It's very bad for eyes..
GG! 30 attempts, probably my new favorite medium demon, incredibly fun to sightread :)
Great level absolutely love the deco and gameplay
the gameplay has no right to slap this hard
hard demon in my opinion
it is the most enjoyable/difficult level i played
GG
I thought it was pretty fun by my eyes didn't
top best medium demon gameplays
this lvl is fun and gameplay is AMAZING
lets go!!!!!! thanks for the feature rob :D
Fun, barely passes for hard demon imo
yoo
really fun and unique, took me longer than it should have but its probably a skill issue
Babe wake up new Drane level dropped
GG 174 Attempts! Demon 1055!
incredible
50k stars :)
super fun gameplay
thaks for letting me verify !!!!
Before we start playing this level... This video is sponsored by APEX legends!
Im out woo!
Apex Lege,,,
awesome
"Apex Legends" -too many people
pass:062404
This is the definition of swag.
Second update (hopefully the last): I fixed a very annoying bug at 74. should be bug free now
i got to 22% in practice mode in 80 attempts on mobile. i am now s a t i s f i e d
legends
LETS GO 
GG
Spam and you will get 2%
like if you were here at 5555 likes
No... 
GGS!
.
OOOMMGG FINALLY THIS TOOK ME 8 HOURS!!!
fixed secret way and updated LDM. hopefully it can run on most devices now
gameplay is just wrong at the first cube, i jump at the arrow and i died at least 10 times
Minecraft is better than Fortnite
auful gameplay
LMFAO THE DESC
fun :)
Like si le quieres dar dislike XD
1% and 79% are awful but gg
why is the last dual filled with random timings
.............AWFUL DUDE
DecoGOD, Gameplayzzzzzzzz
That last dual kinda ruined it, but good otherwise
79% orb in spider portal is nearly impossible
my guy your level is ass ngl
fitrtytsrt
gameplay is not to great
lol jumping at the arrow kills you
hopefully you might wanna try improving the gameplay
un gameplay horrible ._.
The gameplay in the end is trash 
iyi
how did i find this in the recent tab? this will get rated mark my words
looks awesome. I lov3 it
Super cool, I love the consistency in decoration.
GG! :)
nice
thanks for playing guys :) I'll fix some bugs and the ldm when i get home
the medium demon decorated like an extreme
i wonder how long the ending screen took to make
really fun level :)
actually quite consistent in quality to my surprise. Visually appealing stuff 
who knew a meduim demon could look like an insane demon lol
Caught robtop rating
gg the last triple orb thing sucks so bad
84att gg, despite first transtitions and some akward or unbalanced gp, entirely fun and beautiful :)
@toren
gz
The attention to detail is pretty good ngl
my 8th medium demon gg
bruh a mod has to rate this
thinking space isnt rateworthy but got rated
THANKS EVERYONE!!!!
GiggsRH when he collabs with only spanish creators so he can get an epic rate
GIGGS EPIC GIGGS EPIC GIGGS EPIC
how do i manage to die at the last spike
dont say squidward backwards
esta bonito los effectos que usas son increibles me encanta NICE level!
Nice glow bro ;)
congrats on your first epic dude! :)
EPIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!GG
Glad to participate! :)
this should be a demon
Nose Yo Digo Que Es Demon :)
 
over 40% now its pepsi time
dorami
The guy under me is gay!
fun and hard!
very very hard ultimate gg easy demon
hard
rally the troops... PAAAM PARARARAM.. pumpum PARARARAM .. pum pum .. TAN TANTANTAN. TANTANTAN..
get your here before rate ticket here - ->
30 minutes ago uploaded and already sp many downloads. This just goes to see how popular yun is
do i see a x-bow from clash royale?
Very cool collab, the arts are awesome, my only complaint is the block designs at ~65%, still good though
could you please not shoot spear at my ship im not an enemy stop please oh god NO AAHHHH
THIS IS ART
Thanks for playing :D
whattchu know about rollin down in the deep?
Pretty cool, 6,000 stars :)
Awesome..... very beautiful :O
se pasa rubrub pq no le da epic?
Muy Bonito :)
New favorite level, deserves an epic feature
why not epic
Just.. beautiful :,3
GG All Coins :).
free coins
i think the level could be used as a boss battle level against the demon guardian
amazing:)
gg amazing level
 holy epilepsy
Pretty cool
Omg... i fluked from 30% My eyes are killin' me
how come nobody gets bothered by the changing colors
my eyes are now shit cuz of this
my epileptic friend liked this so much, he is dancing on the floor now
Crazy!! :D
0_O
Oh nice
ayuda ya no veo .___.
give me new eyes
that end is so trippy
cant even look at this shit
this is FIRE
I fluked from 24. My eyes are in so much pain
Ai laik dis
my eyes
my eyes!!!!!!!! mobile GG'_'
Epilepsy warning
MY EYES
first coin 24% (need practise) second coin 36% (don't click pink orb) third coin 80%. Good Luck :)
I feel like playing a 2.0 level with those moves, transitions and invisible stuff
Bad GP
Some of the worst and least sight readable gameplay ive sver seen in a 6 star
Dude what tf is this gameplay? Stop abusing the move trigger, no one likes moving platforms bro -_-
first of all, this gameplay is trash, second of all, why the fck is it harder?
when will people learn to stop making the gameplay moving objects because its impossible to sightrea
gameplay is bad but it could easily be fixed
bad gameplay
"play my levels!" comments are the worst
Thank you so much everyone. It means a lot..yayyyyyy
strongly suggest working on gameplay and transitions
only 6 stars seems a bit of a scam
pain
unbalanced gameplay and bad transitions
Gameplay is terrible, transitione make it way worse. Design makes it even harder to see the gameplay
This should be harderer
lol
Dont get me wrong, I love the designs, but the transitions and gameplay could use some work, GG :)
It's crazy that this is 6 stars, should at least be 8
This is so cool, just a bit buggy
i find this level very unsightreadable
Cant wait to see this featured
I keep falling through structures :(
where tf am i going
this looks VERY similar to viscid vibes by devincoyote....
GG!! 8 Att <3
maybe playtesting your next level could go well :/
cool level, just a bit buggy
can you please not use liftoff ffs
I Like it!
gg!
lopl
i saw it on shaggy23 stream, congrats on feat
Bug at 5%
GG;/.
GG
Gameplay is too bad
confusion
well that's random XD
3 days of hard work + 5 months waiting for moosh to build
gus is sus
this is what sky high would have looked like if OasisX didnt invent the sky
hey
61 attempts (+ 3 coins). #1324
I wish I could be as skilled as sivlol is
Pass: 082121 ._.
fun
GG!
5 atts w/o practice! Very fun & sightreadable <3
Se llama gameplay incomodo y lo odio
sus,Amongus
GG! 2 attempts :)
GG Horrible Gameplay in Oasis Part 
30 attempts, love the moves
gg all coins...very fun level! 
first cube aint it 
sus
GG 2 attempts! :D
sus
i like the part where creo by unveil
;(
broy send :O
This needs to be rated!
Yes
banger as always
Sadge
PePe never wants the EVW video to end.
gg nice level
This level is definitely not a normal level imo that last icon part is so confusing
quite an interesting and unique take on a nc level
nc and NOT demon... Fantastic
Broys
Also, I don't think this would be added as an NC level.
1 Like = 1%
pepe the frog
that pepe art
32k Stars :)
Me gusta
Pepe the frog, the symbol of racism despite being in no way racist
I Spend 5 months and so many hours on it , and Today Is Finally here ,I hope you enjoy this aventure
Awesome level, but the NONG makes this unnecessarily unapprochable for some players. :/
Id try to find a replacement song, but wow I love this!
Looks incredible but you need to find it a replacement song!
Hoy quiero un heroe
Finally, replacement song. Now sent! :)
the atmosphere is so dark I love the nature vibes too
Like if you think the first 5% should be nerfed
beautiful :)
You are a Hero
Incredible level, definitely your best yet! :)
GG! :)
GG! :)
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Hello Guys , I replaced the song , But please download the original on my YT channel 
Another astonishingly great work from you! 
ldm is basically a layout
Eres increible cubiccc, hermoso arte! Muchas gracias por la dedicatoria <3
sorry but our princess is in another castle
ldm is kinda op
Oh my...brain, it hurts haha amazing memory level!
Honda CRV
ratiostep
BU DUM DU DU TU TUUUUUU
asignacion radiostep terminada :))))
7,000,000 orbs, GG! :)
If Limbo was lvl 2
skrrt
woo
First victor lmaooooo
grindes
GG! :)
like this comment if you not gay
I hate that wave part and ship part.hard and boring
100% para grindes
I Will BEAT This Demon! I Swear Because Its So Fun!
dedicado a riatigger solo
ratio
I THOUGHT THIS WAS RATIOSTEP
ratiostep
toll booth opertor be like: we do tolling
dream jumpscare scared me :,(
you tellin me Tom made this Foolery
I sent this for Dream, hopefully he'll notice me now
story time with tom foolery
I'd like to know who complained about coins not being free, because I didn't
kiba making an awful and unfun coin for the 20th time, what a surprise... what's the point
frick dream!
GG! :)
Did nobody notice this level uses JSAB song?
Society is Kiba wan't allowed to make coins
Dream will always scare me ever since he came to my house and started hunting me down
update: "fixed" secret way
reported because dream
dream sucks ngl
fun but inconsistent the timings are REALLY annoying but  its a good level!
no way cascade i love that song
that was the scariest jumpscare i have ever seen. it's pure hell
a
GG! 8 attempts :)
Very very very very very very very very very very very very very surprised this didn't get epic.
why is there ONE fake in the entire level :(
this is the most deserving feature level that should've gotten epic
Cosmic creamer
I am beyond confused
damn watching wless's improvement as a creator has been truly incredible
Damn, the pink floyd style tho :0
cant believe you collabed with belonzik
if you played this level you died at 32%
unfair how good this level is
beta male
Absolutely magical.
robbed of epic tbh smh famalam
cosmic creamer wtf
I didn't like the original song, I had to change it for Cosmic Dreamer xd
beat on mobile with LAGGGGGG
cosmic creamer?
Pink Floyd
cant see shit
like if u died at 32
sweet home alabama
i hate custom portals
weird gameplay
some parts of this level are literally like 8 star difficulty, pls balance your levels.
no, no, say it with feeling: SAHAWEEEET HOOME ALABAMA guitar guitar WHERE THE SKYYYS ARE SO BLOOOOOO
muy bonito
Alabama
good level
for a second i thought it was using player colours lol
Esta chido :)
yes finally 37k stars after a weeks im stack at 36k is finally time for 37k also 3k more to go 40k
sweet home alabama
GG! 6* IMO :)
Little complex cube part for a 5* imo.
omg thanks rob :)
felicidades por el featured amigo!!!! :D
That Last Spike Kill Me!
Un nivel simple y hermoso, me encanta..le deseo mucha suerte uwu
Congratulation! You have 4 Creator Points! :,D
GG! :)
Team KillDaKat
dont kill the cat :)
if you kill the cat you can't pass the last jump...but you can't see with the stupid cat in the way
i killed the cat
Like if you didn't kill the cat :)
*loads gun* nothing personal, kitty
the cat covering half the gameplay for most the level made this extremely annoying, sorry to say
password: 0438
i wonder if anyone has seen what happens at the end if you kill the cat
I like cats
#CatsLivesMatter
no cats were harmed in the making of this level
fun gameplay ruined by a stupid cat :(
Oh I've been killing the cat for half an hour then found out that was the reason why I died. Thanks
why kill the cat when you can become the cat
Whoever decided to kill the cat I'll punch you. what did he do wrong? >:(
#savethecat:3
Killing the cat should be a war crime
Really cool level. Design is really unique. Gameplay is really fun aswell. Rate worthy for sure.
among us
this is literally so good why is it not epic
don't hit pink orb at 94% for the last coin
I knew I'd see an arb comment
like if you're here after beating phase 2 lol
i love level
guys phase 2 is coming sooon im like halfway done!(danerdogger's mobile)
I have completed the phase 2 so lets play phase 1 lol
just like phase 2 you can fly into the level roof
This is harder then phase 2
i love this gameplay 
jayuffs long lost cousin
Funny number
Why does it looks harder than Phase 2
why do people send me friend requests with 0 words in them  }:
This gameplay made my day <3
wuut first page and within 7 hours whoo even sent it thank you so much!
phase 2 is easier
great gameplay!
Gg 25352 stars funni numbr haha
Enter the city
cute level gamers
Fun to be a part of haha, youre a very talented group of people with a lot of potential :)
still can't believe you invited Arb
like if u hate triple spikes but u love michigun /\/\/\
nice
i feel like this is a nexus type of level
cool stuff :)
neat :)
:O GG!
Very neat and fun to play :)
bruh dude
YESSS GGGG
Very clear indicators. I like it.
:D
Neat level! I like this :)
password guys : 123329 :)
Awesome! :)
Triple spikes aren't that bad. Love you Michi. <3 /\/\/\
yo
GG! :)
Capek banget ya?
Coins guide! 1st: jump in the start, 2nd: 82% blue invisible orb, 3rd: free
It is my birthday today. I wanna a top comment)
Editor Berkelas: NO, Creator Berkelas : YES
capek ya tidur
GG bang
In indonesia, Capek means "Tired".
Pass-751784
Istirahat ya bang :)
capek ya,sama aku juga
bruh
capek kenapa bang?
when the song is better than the level
and gg on rate!
GG! All coins & 23.9k stars :D
"Kyendu Spider"
Fixed for some part and srry for bad gameplay, just be patient <3
ok
GG!! 29k Stars :)
amazing level, love the transissions and music. 11/10
the pixel art feels out of place and could be a tiny bit longer but still fun and cool!
Really good work! I love the colors :)
kinda wish it was longer because this song slaps, but i really like the designs and colors! :)
La proxima intenta hacerlo long hermano, muy bonito y decente :0 <3
not a fan of flashing colors at the beginning, but overall cool level.
1 att xD
Robtop: Inserte daily
i don't think the pixel art fits very well, the colours are pretty cool though! not bad :))
epilepsy warning
Cool :)
 chuchio nivelaso guapo
should be 6 stars
This is going to be the next daily, mark my words.
Cool c:
6 Attempts
rip epileptics
Que bonito y ritmico nivel <3
Did i just see finn the human from adventure time??? YOOOO that just made my day happy :)))
GG! Free coins :)  and 11.9k User Coins!!
GG :)
trying to get a demon rate attempt #4 lol
blood in the water
Atmosphere is out of this world.
They are called fish.
THANK YOU EVERYONE AHHHHHHH IM SO HAPPYYYYYYYYY
pass: 466379 like pliss
the gameplay could be better but the level itself looks really cool, sent
They're*
now there is blood and eyes in the water. what next?
You know it's gonna be a weird medium demon when you get 45% on your first attempt.
eyes: Hello, how are you? Im under the water, please help me
WOOOOOOOOOOOOO
this is the type of gameplay that was trying to be good but ended up being complete dogshit
GG! :)
like if you think that's medium demon
50 attempts. #1346
Thats Amazing Bro!
interesting gp :^)
GG! :)
the easiest medium?
<3
pretty neat deco, gameplay falls off towards the end tho :(
nice map!
robtop rate this level
Thank you rob for my first CP
.
congrats on your first cp!
gokil!!!!
Realy nice !   0_o
Also very nice level,daily?
GG ON FIRST CP
uwu
so good
I love this coins! TOP 15 in the leaderboard :3.
epic
very nice level and deco gp is nice in the begining and a little wonky towards the end. at ~62% i
think the ball gp comes on screen a little slow making the level hard to read
Fix some GP, if there any bug please comment
cool!
Gokil man
75 attempts (+ 2 coins). Last coin is hard.
Togic by Brigney Sbears
gdrgffhrfhrfrhfrdexhxgrcdbcbrcbrccbfcgcf
hey coin! where are you going? lol
fuk u coin
not bad, just needs a bit more polishing and details overall to make it stand out
GG All Coins. 1st Coin: Follow It At The Second Ship Part. 2nd Coin: Dont Jump At The End And Spam!!
radiation poisoning
This is so different from your usual modern stuff and I love that!
definitely better than i was expecting
11 fails on 97%... and second coin collected
aside from the last coin being idi0tic, this level is pretty good imo :)
This is so unique! I love it
GG 4 attempts 2 coins :D 
hope this gets daily
cool
Man, this lvl has such a unusal gameplay and deco, i like it a lot!
That last coin LOL. GG with all coins and TOP 25 on the leadeerboard :3.
Actual nice and original level
last coin is togic
great lvl but my computer can't stand this. Please provide a ldm
we dont talk about it
this level is pretty awesome :]
oh my f*cking god I sight read all of that. I absolutely hate my skill, it scares me.
GG! :)
i have never made it this far in a 2.1 insane demon
get past 52% challenge (impossible)
Why does the description look like a Roblox Obby description
GG, 1500 attempts, amazing decoration, lots of unique ideas in this one :)
i dont get it
@Orion I'll make sure to make more, so you'll like them :)
honestly first part is pretty easy for an insane
87k stars and one demon of each difficulty done in a single day, GG :D
uh yeah.. that 4x ball is extremely unbalanced.. other than that i like this level
very cool
GG! :) 243 Attempts! The first half of the level is just free and really good Coins! Very fun level!
Insanely fun level
Fun level, GG! :)
PLZ DISLIKE MY PROFILE AND MY LEVEL!! 
GG my first insane demon :)
nice sadly im not mod :(
Awesome designs!
Very well designed throughout, amazing :o
Some timings are a bit tedious, but the designs and the majority of the gp are very well done! :)
Pass: 251357 :)
Amazing design. You already kno it's gonna get featured when my computer gets laggy
this is insane, amazing job bro! sent :)
YOU ARE AMAZING
I love this, really well done!
I can't, it's too good.
Gameplay could use a bit of polishing up, but looks great overall :)
amazing
GG ;) 11 Attempts ;)
30 attempts. #1534
GG! :)
Beautiful level
GG! 86 atts, Fluke 35-100 y 30,000 Estrellas - 21/08/21, Dedicado a todos mis amigos :)
Great work :)
amazing
some of these designs are neat, gp could be better 
Very cool
I really wish this was visually more interesting because its extremely fun to play
*Sad mobile Noises
im way too dumb for this
pretty fun
Robtop optimiza tu juego
1000 likes :0
1 fps
This has to get rated
tomb of the mask but in gd
can you make a low detail mode?
gg, 35.6k user coins. Puzzle games, my favorite.
THE LAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGG
wait... did Rob mess with names again?
no, only the first 5! (skipping the tutorial will also cause you to win lol)
ooh also let me know if you find any bugs!!
dang the 2nd coin is basically an ez/medium demon lol. gg finally got it
THIS IS AWESOME!
@zeph2x o.o
mucho lag :c
Like before a mod comments and takes top comment
Damn I am BAD at wave transitions. Pretty fun overall!
One day the world will be in chaos and the leader will rise and outpizza the hut
GG! :)
this is quite unbalanced
lol wtf is the difficultly spike at the Ship part
who else notice the level being exactly 1 minute long and has exactly 40000 objects?
why is this randomly easy demon
racist level
#1554. Fluke from 2, that's lucky
what is that ship doing in a medium demon xD
ive never had so many "new bests" in any level ever
 
92 att. The mini cube really got me
really fun challenge with the 1st coin GG :^)
easy demon my balls this should be atleast medium demon
GG 294attempts with all coins! Even with the coins this was pretty fun! :)
104 attempts (+ 2 coins). #1528
GG! Demon #369 =)
medium demon, definitely medium demon
Guys can we ratio CryoChemist
the snom was so awesome.. and I guess the rest of the level too
This might genuinely be one of my favorite modern levels. Fantastic job dude! GG :)
love it so much
This is 100% epic worthy wtf rob
Who else thinks this deserves an epic?
GG! :) 422 Attempts! A bit laggy, but still the coins are cool! 38400 User Coins! Very fun level!
This level makes me feel so alive, I love it!!!
this level is so amazing but that gameplay is very questionable at times
this is awesome, nice work!
really nice!
You beat me with those coins, great work buddy :)
Thanks Rob :)
You can tell this is made by Cryo because the gameplay is kinda weird but the deco slaps
GG! 36 attempts :)
why this don't be getting epic doe
knotslike
I voted this for best modern level at the 2021 awards
I guess you could say that lol☆
how is this medium
no corner pieces.. this is so sad
drop drop drop drop drop drop
very cool level! it would be better whitout the minecraft objects
hot
i love how there are just random minecraft items placed in this level
if robtop dont feature he go 2 hell
Why do mods always get top comment? Just pretend im a mod too!
OXyEHHO
Really nice level! :D
sus
Where's the rate?
cool level but the drop is kinda disappointing imo
NOT BAD BRO
OMG I SEE THE AXOLOTL... THATS MY FAVORITE!!! AAAAAAA
Dang, pretty neat level. :3
Its amazing! Good job :3
its weird when people throw random pixel art in levels despite it not matching anything in it
a 
good lvl :^)
WTF the Minecraft Items XD
epic worthy
The atmosphere is incredible, I like it very much!
why is my level on fire someone grab the fire extuingesher
Make sure to check out the story/lore for this level on my YouTube for the best experience!
spolier alert! They get lost
cool!!
THE COMMENT BELOW ME IS GOLD HOLY SHIT PLEASE LIKE IT
very good level
based
AWEOME!
amazes with special attention to detail and environment elements 
THE VERY GOOD AND HAPPY
mfs saying this isnt mobile friendly i built this on mobile
very cool, maybe the balancing could be better though
Really nice!  I just wish the transition into the ship at 42% wasn't as blind as it is.  Otherwise great level!
I hate to ask but can yall like my comment about checking out the story, i want people to see it lol
can we get weekly??
-.-
GG 8 attempts! :D
GG! :)
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Rate extreme
Awesome level, glad to hear this song again :o
this is extreme please stop judging it from the first 32%
First legit victor that is, everyone else on the leaderboard hacked it as did the guy below me
WTF I JUST FLUKED IT FROM 4%
lmao who tf rated this insane
nice! a very good new beginner extreme
people the beginning is  easier than the rest of the level dont just automatically assume its insane
WHAT IS THIS IDK WHAT BUT I LOVE IT I LOVE YOU OMG THIS IS SICKKKK
Pass: 993501
Amazing!!!
cool :)
Wow this is awesome!
woo
Actually I was verifier of it  but idk why he verified it by himself lol
GG DEDICADO A DRAQUITOS Y A LOS PANA DEL SERVER DE SEBAS GGGGG
YES
GG
Me: When does the drop end? Thazm: Thats the neat part. It doesnt!
almost fluked from 42, almost...
thanks so much for giving me the oppertunity to verify this masterpiece!
GG! :)
Seeing this project getting rated is fantastic. Thanks you RobTop!
cartoon nine circles level? and it's actually GOOD? how
lets gooooo
sick level!
finally did the ending
fluke
bruh
this combines two styles sooooo good, wow
this man took the nine circles style and made it original
44 on a level by LP44
i thought it said garcelo lol
the ONLY thing I dont like is that it goes dark when I die at the wave part. gp is good.
omg finnaly ahhhhhhhhyhhhhhhhh
2003devin + nine circles
plz delete black screen after death. it is hard to train the level
i think i found my first insane demon
Cool level, I enjoyed it, fluke from 57%
you got my inner child pogging
we need a skip intro for these levels
Plz let me know if there are any bugs :)
its kinda annoying when you die you gotta go through the entire intro again
i have the same icon as the lava guy in this level XD
pog
creator points for lesser known creators, i dig it
Geometry Dash story mode
cool - Xoroz 
cool
You should make a part three
woow next episode
i harness the power of orange, lemon, lime, grapefruit, and tangerine
...until the fire nation attacked
Coin = Get the key at 18 and 25
When 2.2 comes out you should add an aption that you can skip the intro
too long intro i dont wanna watch it every time
Who else changed their avatar when playing this?
Such a fun series cant wait to see the next one
heyo me and the king have the same icons!!!
Please dont make transitions that are impossible to read, other than that really cool level
kinda hard for a medium 6*
A+ for decoration, D for Gameplay
one of the most annoying levels period
yo this deco is fire, wish the gameplay was better tho
Like if you play mobile
I really like the atmosphere on this one :)
Really great decoration and atmosphere, a bit unfortunate gameplay-wise in terms of readability
ae sim br no gd kk
TU EH BR???
iai brasileiros
Estrelas gratis xD
wow this is cool
gameplay is 4/10 decoration is 9/10
Dont wanna be that guy but this level is literally impossible to read. Making it about unplayable.
The deco is incredible. If only the gp was better, this could have had the chance to get epic..
man this gameplay is terrible
BR?
The gameplay is soooo hard to read, but the decoration is very good
The gameplay isnt that good, but the decoration is 10/10
Very nice designs and good choice of song :D
THANK YOU SO MUCH!! MY FIRST EPIC!!!
This comment is hacked, you can like it three times.
Beautiful level ! Good job :)
Creators list (in order): Accelec, Ronlix, Darixen, Yke547(me), ePng, Sting871+XZ,  Latrell, persik7, Accelec (again), Heshii, Oxy and Accelec
Congrats for a successful collab! :)
The bug at 79% is unfixable, its a problem with the miniwave and moving objects when lag happens :/
btw i am oxy and i was the one that made the bad part
Firee
Even the intro is amazing already! Fantastic job :)
yall went ham on this! THAT WAS AWESOME!
k
Really happy to have participated in this masterpiece <3
I think we all have ti agree that 8 1/2 - 9 star levels are harder then easy demons :|
if you jump you can beat the level
thats almost easy demon 
my pc is begging me not to play a featured again
My heart is racing, oh my gosh...
nooooooo
gg!
enjoyable
i fluked up then i f*cked up
Broys
COIN: At 30%/31% there's a minicoin which will get unlock the path for the coin at the spider
Broys
broys
am I colorblind or do those green orbs look like yellow orbs
broys, great level cross
GG With Coin Finally. Thanks to iIExtremeDashIi for the coin guide :).
Very coolio!!
Broys!
covid-19 is a very sh**y pathogen
a good example of level.
yess, super funn :D
broys
this is cool
g
Bossfight is implemented well, the gameplay is normal.
I really enjoyed this :)
yooooo
e
0.00MB song xD
Great song choice! GG :)
easily your best lol. nice work
Valera
You make the most enjoyable demons :D
if you are about to comment "WhOS HeRE BeFORe RaTe??" dont, because nobody asked
If there is one comment about the song size Im going to eat my monitor
aloe vera tbh
Epic work man 8)
very vera
GG nice level :D
even with 0.0mb its taking years to load
wait. . .why is this song 0.00 MB?
Vera was the name of my grandma. GG good level
my storage is so cluttered that i cant even get this song downloaded
Yeah and the password?
GG! 7 attempts, I miss when Envy songs were a staple of the featured section :(
net blyat nikita
as always the ship is harder than anything else in the level
Epic
fat
Few problems aside i do think this could get epic or daily
banger as per usual
for context: this level ment to be flahsy and kinda blinding, if you want to turn it off, use ldm!
46,000 stars, GG! :)
really fun!
wtf
Yes, it's finally rated!
thank you for making a comparably clean level with a decent name
true
Later parts are good
gg
i'm super happy i was able to help and keep you motivated. i absolutely love this level :)
really cool level! should be featured 
GG
Is the theme of the level to get fatter or something? Why that name lmao
cool :)
aaaaaaaa mis ojitos :(
wew 
Sent for 14 stars :)  (because its extreme demon)
someone needs to make a song with a drop that says fbi open up
                                                          feel my pain
                                                                          comments are hard to make
omggggggggggg
like if you hate die here
i cant believe it woah, thanks <3
oxyenno
:)
la  comunidad crea mejores niveles que robtob :)
Amazing lvl!
pass: 110821
lol 1att
some parts like the 76% wave and start feel off but you keep improving every day man, keep it up !
                                                                                  Love my life     
i will fix that bug after my programming class sorry :(
one of the coolest looking levels ive played. nicely done!
Brilliant :)
yea thats password
                                                        comments are hard    to   write
pyrave
if this doesnt get featured i will lick the bottom of my shoe
like for free sandwich
to collect all coins you just need to hit them
HAHAHA Almost an hour spent on it, but i finally got the 3rd coin!
password : 420420 :)
I really like how the gameplay conveys the atmosphere too, great job :)
V2: Fixed secret way at 35%. I forgot the entire lower half of the hitbox lmao
LETS GOOO
Where are all coins?:/
to get last coin, dodge all the gray flappy bird things during last ship
La verdad que esta bonito 
2nd coin: go up at 41% to take the heart key. Jump back to the blue gravity portal
pyraven i have been going for your coin for the last half hour why did u make it so hard lmao
Entre mas me la mamas mas me crece :v
para agarrar las 3 coins vean el video del creador de este nivel. su canal esta en su perfil. 
WE DID IT
i cant make a funny joke so im just gonna say good collab
V3: Minor Fixes (like 1st coin route and a couple of visual errors)
Wow 3rd coin 
I put teleport at 97% for no more panick attacks
me encanto
EMI (E = Erradicar) (M = Monas) (I = hola sekya)
Simplemente Epico \:D/
sorry rem is better, fun level though x)
people who disliked are a literal pp.
*plays love decoration*
yoooo gg rate letsgoooo
Where is the Epic?!
cool end art :D
TEAM EMILIA FOREVAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
95 att gg and the last part was hard
Nice uwu
gran nivel y en efecto k on besto anime
whoever made those colored edges on the screen you are a friend to all ios players
:v
Epicooo #Team Emilia
gg :) nice level!
featured?? JUST FEATURED!? THIS IS AN EPIC LEVEL!!!!
Good level
I like that you can pop the balloons. Nice touch. :)
Balloons would be proud!
the balloon popping part is so epic :D
1 coin: skip the green orb 19%, and then on 22% burst 1 balloon and use blue portal at the same time
Awesome!
well deserved
buh-h-how-ddd-did- baloon .. effect-how pop - baloon..-how
like if you died trying to pop a ballon
hi comment from 6 minutes ago
que chingue a su madre el america
Wait, you're supposed to take the second coin with the ball? I got it with the ship LOL
TYSM ROB
ah yes the balloon pooping part
thanks for 30k downloads!!!
gg @userdeleted!
cool balloons, would be a shame if someone were to.. POP THEM
ty lol.
GG!!
one of my favorite levels because of the balloon part woah
I like the Triple Spikes at the end, btw nice level :)
Actually Amazing, Fantastic Job and thanks for boarding my Airship :)
make sure to smash like so we can ratio vortrox!!
YOOO THANKS ROB :D
boat
no this is not among us this is mario if you think this is among us i hate you
Thats a hot airship
gangster mario
its awful to think that some people probably prefer among us over mario☆
Moffe's Skeld
this is so awesome Nuke      IIX
if i see someone saying "airship from among us" im leaving
omg mario refernece like this comment right now if u like mario (like)
like if you are playing on moblie or ipad=tablet and PC
i verified this BANGER level
unpopular opinion: i hate tartarus
wake up,  take a shit,  get out of bed
GO
Like if you like Mario
SANTA IS REAL I HAVE THE ROOF
this reminds me of my childhood super mario galaxy
Playing a level thats entirely backwards hurts my brain
this way? that way!
this actually got rated LOL
nobody uses it they said
24 hour mc. Parts in order: Hinds, NyxT, Efext, Ecli, DreamEater, me, Wave, Ceru, Sparks & Croc
i died on my own part
2nd half being way harder than the first, otherwise fairly enjoyable
Mirror portal rebirth
this was a mistake
!level looc yrev
swag level
You know how arabic people write/ read the other way around? theyd be good at this...
Great level! Very enjoyable :O
massive dub. this level slaps
TranslationTerry is here to confirm that indeed we're going the wrong way
disgusting.
we're so swag
coolo
Mirror portal and dual dont go too swell together
Fun level :)
Click here for epic ------------->
A bit hard for 5*, still epic lvl
Some parts were a bit empty, especially the last part. Overall, this is really cool :)
Take the key at robot part to get coin
THIS IS AMAZIIIIIIIIINNNNNGGGG
creative      <3
Honestly amazing level! but Im a mobile player lol
Why there no epic? :/
how is this not an epic feature?
fix 48 %
me when my homie takes off his shirt
epic
Epico
Looks awesome!
epic! the background and details are incredible :)
why is this not rated epic ? awesome great job 
Epic?
This level is the TRUE artificial ascent
the gameplay is a bit awkward but the visuals are splendid :D
gg
Just know the difference between copying and inspiration, thats all. Youre not a bad person at all.
Literally 1984
its hard demon bro wtf
i think its a bit harder than 7stars
fun :)
omg i send it to mod
Deleting comments wont do anything, most of these assets are too similar/stolen from bunch
gg 2attemps
GG!!! ~ Harder 7* IMO :)
Really loved the colors and design! Also thanks for using my favourite Kaixo song <3
GG =)
I think that this lvl is 9 star lvl, GG!
Not bad!  ;)
in the end, this level doesnt suck, but its really dissapointing you need to do this. had potential.
I always need star rate:I
good level (:
lovely level :) I really loved the balanced gameplay!
pretty good atmosphere 
29%, bad part :/
feels more like an insane for some of the transitions
why place the jump indicator at 40% when you don't have to jump there? 
Shit gameplay
that first transition is soooooo clean
Coin: At 56% skip the green orb
I feel that this death is a thing you wanted on purpose.
Bugggggg
Tonight on bottom gear... Richard gets impaled by a spike and dies.
Some of the gameplay is very awkward, but the deco and transitions are very well done
gameplay sucks
why isn't this rated yet!?!?!?
Amazing!!!
poor Richard:(
super clean, like it
hola
really nice :)
ow
6* imo
hammond u tiny man wheres ma lambo chevy?
good bug
HAMMOND!!!
My dog is named Bowser and this level has nothing to do with him..
anyone else feels like this should be a medium demon
nice level but i wish you would stop reusing assets from your other levels
surely Im not the only one who read the name wrong
cool beans
there is a moffe and a moffer?
Assuming this is a 9 star, The Nightmare would be a 5 star
this level isnt good
Wish you were more original with some areas as some parts just felt like Barbaros. Should also be demon
this level makes me wanna merge without looking
demon,demon,demon,demon
easy demon?
this should be demon
this feels like demon difficulty
:o
Bowser's Furry
harder than many easy demons but 9 stars is good
this really plays and feels like a demon
like if you have the real game
Thought it said *Bowsers Furry* for a sec lmao
delet this first cube
The first cube is a hard demon then the rest is a 6*
There are two ways to spell the word cancer. C a n c e r, and T h e F i r s t M i n i C u b e
the first cube ._.
30 attempts in i still cant get past the cube lol
i have no idea what you were going for here
I'm usually a fan of your levels but this one is a no-go for me
Mini cube is bad
if you spam really fast right at the beginning you can get past the first cube
starting off with a bad part isn't a great way to attract people. not the best of yours...
Who else hates the first cube?
repost if you took a fat shit today
this is so bad
the level looks fantastic, but the gameplay is ass
enjoy cube
Harder than many easy Demons if you ask me, should be 9*.
first cube need a lot of concentration
this gameplay is so bad
el principio un poco culo pero lo compro
bad gameplay
Kinda cool in execition
rubrub should add a feature in 2.2 where you can like levels more than once
pass is: 745896 like!
person below is a sussy boy
wtf first att
enter the world
AMOGUS SUS!????!/1
- NICE WORK -
I cant think of any good comments please help me
it's so hard to tell what's happening towards the end 
Wish it were easier to sight read, but this is pretty darn cool!
enter the world
An already great level, with an amogus?? ... Now one of the absolute best levels we've seen all year
GG, beautiful level. Great art!
its only insane bc of the end where you cant see anything or know whats going on
im gonna cry
sus
gotta love how the level is 8 stars, when the difficulty is the only thing not insane here 
so i almost did it first attempt
A M O G U S
hi daily chat
if i see "hi daily chat" im gonna explode
Will do some first cp in a bit just gonna eat and work on sneaky first
Yes it is IMAKEDERULEZ
if this gets daily tomorrow im gonna be cancelled twice as much
If its not daily, make it the weekly!
Hey Vsauce! Michael here. What do bananas and Fish have in common?..
good evening to the chatters of the daily level in geometrical dashing
we do a little trolling
Robs gonna do a leetle beet of trolling
awesome, you're definitely improving. air deco is still a bit too clustery tho
not a daily comment
i love boob, like if you love boob!
Coins: 1 50% Tocar la Orbe, 2. 90% 
Coins: 1 Touch the orb at 50%, 2 At 90%. Like please :D
Knowing RobTop this will probably get daily lol
i hope this didn't got daily so i could laugh at those "hi daily chat" comments
daily
lol
what if what if what if what if what if                                               it got daily
Anyone who thinks this is over 4 stars. I will give you free key to download Fortnite instead.
What u guys want this to be 3 or 4 stars
@Kam - I use the exact same editor as u guys when building the main levels :)
I can do some first cp rates later. Im trying to take over the world here
4 is good
Sooo...                                                                             2.2 when
Robtop: Comments   Everyone:   OMG SO MASCULINE AND HANSOME TAKE MY LIKES
I didnt realize this got rated oops
hi daily chat :)
i am robtop. give me top comment
cool level, but what does it have to do with desks
This isn't normal 3* in my opinion
why do people want likes so much? How do they benefit you in any way?
rerate to 4 star  what :(
terraria is fun :)
sussy balls.
At least GD doesn't harrass people for having an opinion.  *Cough*
gd does harass people for opinions just say "minecraft sucks, fortnite better"
why this level of all of my levels :(
Pretty fun level ngl
Thx Rob :)
this is so sad can i go extinct
Coin: minicoins-4% 12% 37% 57% 67%
lethalpineapple taking 46 minutes to eat lunch wtf
when a level gets rated faster than it takes you to eat lunch
tap for less POLLUTION                            ->here
I dont care if the world ends as long as robtop releases 2.2
1 like = 1 less plastic
more like the end of my tablet. -_-
like if your name is not bob
should have got epic imo, but gg nick!
tap for epic                                                                             there --->
Fantastic remake!
I mean for us mobile players, Yes its the end
You forgot another thing: The karen apocolypse
 nice level man, appreciating how we need to stop all of this damage to our planet. good job.
if this get 5 likes i will eat sand
We are destroying our planet, we need to stop now.
grrr this is why axolotl going extinct! stop polluting the water humans!!!
getting this no epic tells me that level standards are increasing alot.
Im going there in a bit
Candice level get rated? :)
robtop sure does have a cool gym
also, happy gd day
bufftop
if this doesnt get daily, ill stop making insane levels ._.
for the record, i have been in several gyms and i am very sure that no gym looks THIS generic
Every day that 2.2 isn't released RobTop adds a pound onto his weights.
Cool but... Wheres the gym?
see it's funny because it has robtop's name in it now i will take my creator points
WE'VE FINALLY FOUND IT! Quick, cancel his membership, then he'll HAVE to rate demons!
A nut for a jar of tuna backwards is a nut for a jar of tuna (spaces wrong obv)
robtop exercises by playing this lvl
Lets play this level to get some muscles 
Here before rated- - - - - - - >
"im stepping up my deco from now on" youre barely improved one step
Sneak peek will be showcased tomorrow on Rob's channel
5 Likes and i will send Folke feet pics
someone just tried to sell a horse to me
i died at 90% on Death Moon 4 years ago and never attempted it again since
#YunForTop1
who else died on a black orb?
good work!
Click Here To Clarm Ticket 'Come Before Rate'.                                                [here]
Insert vote to get this level feautured here ->
Hey look! Its the guy thats gonna beat Viprin
Coins: 1st-ship at 28% / 2st- don't get yellow orb 58% / 3st- get the key 89% and pass the level
NOBODY CARES IF YOU WERE HERE BEFORE RATE
Hey Rob Rate This
YESSS ITS FINALLY RATED GG #YunForTop1
gg
Awesome effects! :)
:O
1 like=1 hacker banned
gg
1st try :)
Nice :)
Rate Kuzureta?
YEEEESSSS after three fails on 93% two on 94 and one in 96%
Do demon rates
insert joke relating to covid 19
ur british + ratio
in the year 2020 there will be a          
Anyone who doesnt like this level has covid, because they have no taste
my boy sley is going through some heavy drug withdrawls
Imagine
This gameplay is worse than my dads sense of humour
poggy
First sent
The pulsing in this level does put a smile on my face
killbot as an easy demon
YOO thanks for the epic!
woo awesome :))
Be cautious while playing this level. You might catch Sleyrona Virus
the gameplay is so terrible
wacky
66 attempts (+ 2 coins). #1317
yoo nice sley
Amazing level, GG! :)
mald
coin: touch all platform in the first ball part. then the coin is free at the end
I cannot comprehend why you think its a good idea to put random arrows in places where you dont jump
glad to see you drop another level, amazing work :)
nice level  but some really shitty transitions
Can you like this comment with your big toe?
Simple done right and an excellent remake, despite some of the pulses being a bit too bright
Weird gameplay, but ok
Both first ship and last UFO are stunning
i don't care how many people use this song, it will always be a banger
FUN!
really weird laggy gameplay
Why is there an arrow there telling me to jump when im not supposed to jump
somehow just after the 2nd yellow jumpad you can jump in the air whattttttttt
Gameplay needs A TON of work, these transitions are very unreadable
Beautiful
ah the old 1.9 days
Nice
the quality consistency is all over the place, but the good parts are solid. gj :p
Awesome :)
30k stars GG
Like If you play mobile 
pea shooter go pew pew pew
well so much for me having all non-demons done...
pass:000002. like?
this is made on mobile (android) -:)
I think it should be demon
PvZ veterans. Its our time to shine.
im famous :D
u need to press p2 when u are at plant slot section to change plant
tbh the controls are the best you can do with only 2 inputs
So fun!
kto ot  DecoDy?
next theyre gonna make gta 5 lmaoooo
the controls are so hard, how do i even switch plants
A 34 MEGABITE SONG?
like if you playing PVZ 2 :)
i've been playing too much pvz and gd my life has lived up to this moment
LIKE IF YOU PLAY IN ORIGINAL PVZ
like if youve played the real plants vs zombies?
Although had a bit hard to control it, but it's really fun to play! :D
hot
telling me theres a bug without saying what the bug is or how i can fix it is VERY HELPFUL
WHAT
epic victory for the xyuns team
ooh! ooh! oo lobsta bit! i got a fat ass lobsta yknow what im sayin whole lotta gang shi yanowhaisay
The name of the level looks like a drink you would drink at a horror themed park
really cool! The style fits the theme so well
how does something like this even happen
*looses iq cutely*
I'm so happy to see this level rated :D
I STILL want to marry this level
this isnt as much a remake of moonfreeze as much as its what i always wanted it to be
demons actual
this is absolutely genius
cerufiffy did u get that iced latte with breast milk yet
Mission Free Demon: Failed!
;)
Super cool but gameplay gets really confusing at the end
YOOOO CONGRATS ON YOUR FIRST EPIC! :D
dude i remember the old version of this level, crazy how much it was improved on, nice work
the colors are soooooo hot dude
This Levels Is Medium Demon, Why Change Again Into Easy Demon!?
pretty
Horrendous gameplay, bruh
Password of this amazing level: 030607
Nice level, gameplay is a bit questionable in some parts, miss great design levels like this :)
just noticed this has under 40k objects which is pretty cool
GG! :)
alternate title: rainbow cum
I love this! Glad to be of inspiration for such a masterpiece :)
not an easy demon but k
Now this is some good stuff
Good job :)
Yo another demon using this song, which is a good thing!
gg
medium demon there are some hard timings in here
medium demon
that wave part is something else, great job man
94 attempts. #1343
yooo this is sick!
like if gd is better than fortnite
fyi, my part starts at 0% only to 14%. i lost creativity so i handed the level to optation
500 Demons! I only wish i had picked a more enjoyable level for this milestone
if i see "rate arcuturus" i will literally
GG! :)
man lots of you are dying at 98... nice
ngl I'm in love
fuming
Good stuff :o
Very nice :)
Pass: 7183
47 attempts. Should be Easy Demon imo. #1302
i died at 98% :crying:
????
Why not epic Rob? :(
gp definitely had its hiccups but overall pretty enjoyable ^^
pass is 7183
gg
gg 20 attempts :)
GG ;) 46 Attempts ;)
now i have cp like crazen!!!
ninx57
Very fun gameplay, GG! :)
IT GOT RATED POG
i beat bilokinescent 
gonna send this to wulzy for level request ;)
Smells like bio in here.
Bruh. 90% 
ninx57
very unfun, i dont know how anyone hasnt pointed out that this is riddled with bugs and bad gameplay
an absolute banger of a level
xd
2%
fun gp but the ldm wasnt good for me GG :^)
soo much lagg
GG 279 attempts! Really good gameplay, but really buggy at some parts! Keep up the good levels lol:D
progress 1
yeah :trollface:
very cool ler velkllr
yay! 10,000 downloads!!!
This impressed me more as it progressed, not bad :)
Really cool! Deco and gameplay is amazing! :O
nice
I love this
This would be perfect for your first featured. Sent!
so cool
HOLY CRAP,IDK YOU CAN CRAFT AN AMAZING LEVEL LIKE THIS,GREAT JOB! :D
GG Both Coins.
Amazing deco... Thx for the request :)
fadnay is yandaf backwards
nice visuals, though the gp was a bit confusing and janky in the first half lol
GG 73 attemps <3
Amazing designs and execution, i think im in love
Nice Level owo
Danm it! Amazing your deco level!!!
GG! :)
En serio no se como esto no tiene tanto reconocimiento. Excelente nivel :)
yandaf is fadnay backwards any 1 noticed?
Thanks for dedication :')
Gua jamin bakal dapet feature lah nih
skrra
hey rob have you ate your food yet
wave check
2+2 is 4 minus 1 thats 3 quick mafs
pass is: 453699 like!?
Scooby Doo pa pa
the most not popular featured level i ever played
hey robtop , umm..daily lvl pls :)
this level is brighter than my future
aight that's not cool
why does THERE SAY "send cp" WTF
the thing go... SKKRRA ka ka ka pap pap SKIBIDI pap pap
papapapapa
GG scooby doo papaaaa :D
The ting goes brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
the ldm does literally nothing
epic
YOU NAMED THIS WAVEZZZ BUT THIS HAVE SHIPZZZ
I want collab with You 
AAAAAAHHH THE MUSIC IS AMAZING
my biggest suggestion would be a focus on consistency throughout :)
Epico 
Not bad! some parts are a bit lacking but overall solid :) sent for rate
Solo puedo decir que tu nivel es asombroso, muy buena decoracion y gameplay, gg!
GG! 1er featured bro! :D
~Ehh~ Epic!! Thx for dedication :3
LETS FCKKING GO NEKMORE LO CONSEGUISTE LETS GO AAAHHHH
bug :)
wtf this is epic, good job my bro
casi...
I can describe the level in 3 words: Similar to everylevelinfeaturedtab. Send for star rate :)
THE LEVEL HAS BEEN SENT FOR FEATURE BY JOUCA (sent by me lol) ;)
gg nekmore
where is the epic
wow, i love it so much :3
gg por tus primeros cps bro
amazing wow 0-o
Increible, tus niveles tan asombrosos como siempre y gracias por la dedicacion uwu
Esto merece feactured :)
Gracias amigo nyah
unbalanced
oh man this 4x speed part is really difficult to sightread
cLaIM YoUR "hERe bEFOrE feaTURe" TicKeT HeRe!!!1!1!!1!1
i spent 4x more attempts beating this level than ablaze and coolog city COMBINED
cool, but probably a demon
GG! 11 attempts, very good but I wish the robot gameplay had some indicators to make readable ;)
Instructions unclear, did not crash with sugar. Crashed with a car instead.
saying "bad gameplay" means nothing at this point considering how everyone says it on every level
GGGGGG buen nivel pa
Pass is 091735
GG! :)
the fast robot at ~70 was a bit annoying, otherwise fun level
TheRealFarmerWave
the last robot part is brutally hard
why so more flugged as spam
31 attempts. #1562
how about salt crush now :^)
this is VERY fun!
deco = cool | gameplay = unbalanced
didnt like the 4x speed section
Epic level, thanks for letting me verify this!!
So epic :0
its sad too see a legend player like you leave the game :.) 
It will be the first MLG Cat to deserve a rate? :eyes:
dont leave us
That bossfight is BONKERS
Very well done :D
A goodbye to one of my favourite creators.
yo this is sick :0
Today I learned there is an entire saga of levels about an mlg cat. Amazing
like if you are not gay
heck
Press like to pay respect to RedlixHD...
If this doesnt get nominated when gd awards 2021 comes, itll prove that the community is bias
good level bro
Good luck with the last coin ;)
if only bossfights were fun to play
GG! :)
admin pidoras
hey rob, where's the epic rate of this level?
Insane
dosent seem to work on mobile
like this comment if u think this level should add LDM !!!
My FPS dropped lower than the Venezuelan economy
need a ldm
it works on mobile, you just need to enable always limit controls 
we didnt cheat we just took an alternate objectively easier route than the one you intended us to
actually incredible work here lol
like if your phone is shit
Yo, Reid
GG! :)
look bro i just want to play gd, not a minigame. if there are free stars to be taken im getting them
This is insane oh my lord
GD is a game about a square that jumps ove triangles
It Is Very Laggy On Mobile
Im playing on like 1/4 fps
The ship, it turns out, is actually above the Mariana Trench, and the item is actually my fps. (3/3)
govno
Yo this is insane. How can you create a level like this??
someone should be awarded if they beat this level on mobile
lIkE iF yOu PlAY oN mObIlE
im still near the top. lets see how far down i get in a couple hours
Testing some server stuff, may go up and down for a bit
ddos, working on it
113,000 stars! Neva gonna stop :)
gg
yall are ridiculous top comment means absolutely nothing
Xbox is hurt! PlayStation needs help! Call an ambulance! Wii U! Wii U!
balls
Why people make wierd comments just for top comment
50 TOASTERS
pokemon is illegal animal fighting and trafficking
fun fact: furry femboy fruit doesnt exist, it cant hurt you.
Don't fall asleep challenge (my feelings towards this level).
like if wii u is bae
If a man walked up to you and said, "I always lie", would you believe him?
Imma nuke my school at 10 likes
guys dislike my post Lol
I commit lego step on a daily basis
Heda eats a table (4K)
We can do first cp rate wave tomorrow :)
:tf:
NO ONE CARES IF YOU RE HERE FROM NEXUS
really awesome level! fluked from 54 :)
Wow this is super good!
What bizzare act is the canine performing?
I love this more than the original :))
3,700 Demons, GG! :)
extreme wave in a hard demon :]
Wow this is kinda unbalanced
GG! :)
Dub fo today
super neat
I-
we need adark mode version of this level
He said tomorrow Hypno
LETS GO
this is actually really fun
We do an inconceivable amount of trolling.
please dislike pixel thingie for free dollar
I feel like if any level from this guy should be epic its processing but ok
gg epic
Epic gameplay! :)
This makes me want to hide in my basement and die
good gameplay
Not enough hiding spots
fun !
64,000 stars! 2/09/21 ;)
GG!
Really nice level and music choice!
This is literally the only level that makes me enjoy the UFO
Simple but effective. Fun gameplay as well :) GG
epic level
realy fun level, GG
4400 stars! GG!
easy demon
epic
song is nice and gameplay is good! nice level
This level deserves the epic just for the song
Didn't know my song was used on such amazing levels! Thank you <3
Cool level, this jump at 80% is a bit harder than the rest tho
your deco good but a bit empty in some part and need enable "Don't fade" "Don't enter" in all obj
Featured 100%
feels very average, not bad rho
I LOVE SPAZE... oh, nice lvl... the effects lined up well w/ THE GREAT MUSIC
robtop rate this please
sus
some parts are rough but other parts are quite nice congrats on first cp
very cool!
lemon water
lets go new cps 
GG's. Neat level! Loved the colours!
FEATURED
Pues Felicidades por tus 2 Primeros Creator points, y espero que consigas mas :3
gameplay isn't fun but good job :)
GG 1 Attempt :).
I like that art at the end :)
cool ! :D
Bad gameplay
that's awesome WOW:o
Thanatophobia on 240hz
GG! 1 attempt, great level :)
GG pa
Thanatophobia but in easy demon
how pro players see thanatophobia : ...
pass. 943218 :)
thanks!
should have been called "if thanatophobia was lvl 1"
Very fun level, good job :)
nice
Awesome! I really like the atmosphere :)
The kid: GG Thanatophobia 100% on mobile 1 attempt.
the fact that you cant see the blocks that push you into place at 56% makes the jump very hard 
GG! This level was super fun and had great music sync. Keep up the great work! :)
awesome work :)
Very fun, GG! :)
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!
MOM I BEAT THANATO- wait a minute...
So amazing :)
Cool beans, Hot az even
Si NANTENDO fuera Extreme Demon jaja... Maravilloso Trabajo :D
Fun :)
Can you outmelt the Kirby?
Very fun level, GG! :)
Such a long process since November, really happy to see this is finally out:) GJ to everyone
some parts are quite solid, I wish it had more attention to cohesive designs
lowkey one of the best!
RATED LETS GOOO
o
very easy and fun
visuals are pretty nice, but the gameplay is really inconsistent and theres minimal cohesion too
Thank you all guys, it was really nice to have a part in this!
Mr. Kirby, i don't feel so good.....
kirby has a mental breakdown because he died at 99 on vsc
gg, beat this as my 900th demon lol
GG! 200 attempts. Glad to have playtested this level. I really like it :)
insane demon
GG! 66 attempts, fluke from 2% :)
441 att, wish it relied less on tight flying but overall very solid level :)
who else plays kirby?
send to mods
what col swet i forgor
upvote if your presence was formed from the footage on nexus's page!
i sent a level called cold sweat ii, its all over
im gonna say the line
looks like cold sweat
remember dashers, every experimental-style level is a Cold sweat remake.
when the sweat is cold                                                          ok this isn't funny
ugh this btch *spams*
i forgor
guys im making swift progress on cold sweat hope i can beat it soon !
179,000 Stars, GG! :)
cold sweat
Fun level, sent :)
How GD pros saw Cold Sweat
The gameplay becomes really funny near the end
52 attempts. #1345
Felt a bit weird to play, but still rly cool stuff!
get your "here before rate" sticker here                                                        --->
because the name's a joke lol
first cube is so hard for no reason wtf
174,000 Stars, GG! :)
hope yall enjoy the gp, have fun!!
Hola Peter
predrop = hard demon, drop = easy demon
pass: 069540
bunch is a hit or miss with gp sometimes but this one is a banger
One of the most fun levels Ive played im awhile
MUMMMMM IM IN A WEEKLY DEMON KINDA
7 attempts. #1329
First cube is annoying but the rest of the level is extremely fun GGs
first part needs a slightly nerf
Yes it is demon even if you dont think it is, still rate demon
Pretty damn fun!!
Put the beggining cube part in any level and the level will be bad
ban whoever made this trash first cube
extremely enjoyable to play
OMG- MY HEART LITTERALLY STOPPED-
fun
first part bullsh*t
I dont know why there's so much hate on this song but I really love it and this level too!
i randomly died at the transition
oh i do still hate this song, believe me
this level made me WEt
croc ur not actually doing this are you
youd better believe i am
i liked your other level with this song better
we
crispys gonna make her own stsootate
this looks awesome
we causa parce chamo che chaval
wey
what
bug
gg 32k stars
im dying on this part for no reason
i died to the song
huh
GG!!
yes
Click Here If Before Featured.                    [Here]
Awesome :D
is not medium demon?
GG!! My first demon after 527 attempts!
fantastic
1h 30 min playing this level, i really hate this level man but good deco
kind of an experimental level, also first demon :D
GG! :)
54 attempts. #1296
this level feels very unfair and awkward, i am not a fan, especially the D block miniwave stuff
yeah this is not an easy demon
gg
i think is medium demon not ez (wave part sheesh)
Ante de que se aga popular XD
Somehow beat this in 2 attempts
update 1, fixed the death effect, now the level is easier for practise mode
medium demon
i love how the gameplay and decorations flows well together in the last two parts
ta potente el nivel B} messiver 
Bro this is medium demon :/
not auto you trolled me
Buenisimo, casi auto c:
why is izhar's logo at the end
La cosa es hacer
nana amigo me troleaste al final del nivel, sent btw :D
ive never seen my ship do a backflip before :/
woah, technological approach
impossible on mobile
I hate half-auto easy mode levels. like if u agree
I'm getting some deja vu from this, but idk why...
mobile player :(
that was very beautiful effect,and the art is really awesome.but also lag X)
pretty cool
Just make it an auto at this point smh
gg boy 1att its auto tooo
cool!
aprecio demasiado este nivel, parece un museo de efectos :O
1000th level! What a great one to get the achievement on
GG's! Well made! Super clean. =)
"la cosa es hacer"... good level and epic!!!
ive seen featured mod levels worse than this
this song is unironically good
this song makes me want to commit genocide
LOL awesome song
Jokes aside tho, this is a really good level. And of course the song is just perfect
bro rob loves this dude wtf
why is your gameplay so good
globalalalalagggaaaga
i love books 
Donda l ol
i am the glob glob
gotta love unironically good levels with stupid songs
Im globglogabgalab
h
continue like this what about first cp!!
1 atemp XD gracias por los 60 suscriptores :3
DOUBLE RATE + 10 CP WHAT
odio los pinchos de tres
No words could ever describe how much i love this song. Simply perfection.
hard 5
"Can we buy Dark Souls?" Mom: "We have Dark Souls at home". At home: ...
...Can I charge $60 for this game now?
Imma be honest, I have no idea what I was doing
ironic how a dark souls themed level is a two star lmao
you dont see an epic easy rate everyday
i just randomly tapped and won
shield is kinda op, should nerf
what the hell just happened
WOW I CANT BELIEVE IT, SOMEBODY ACTUALLY MADE A DARK SOULS LEVEL :O 10/10
i have no idea whats going on but it looks really cool
no se ni como me pase este nivel
me: *starts level* me two seconds later: "this is not even geometry dash"
im so confused on what i just did. Great work though :)
Idk what I was doing I was just moving left and right
GeOMeTRy DaSh Is THe dArK SoUlS oF RHyTHm GaMes
Tampoco yo no se si moriamos o era auto XD
i have no idea what i just did and at this point im too afraid to ask
this isnt even geometry dash anymore
POV: You press random bottons 
Is auto??
RG:this is a extreme demon 
MY LEVEL!
so hype!
HEY HEY HEY
70% is annoying
Amazing level!~
cool all coins idc u suck paqoe
etremem demon
DUDE
meesh
Robtop pleAse rate it extreme for the meme
ok 49 attempts
TM72 by Moosh                                repost if you have committed 10 different war crimes
gg
how is this still not ratedddd
Glad I got to see this created, verified, and I got to be one of the first victors. Congrats Moosh:)
really fun
i beat this in 28 attempts. how is this an extreme rg
GG! Amazing level :D
not demon
this is so coooooool
TBH why is this not featured?
i think it can be sent for rate
Like if you think this should be a daily level!
I love it!
very nice
like this comment if you think this is cool.
krasny level
GG, 12000 stars!
THIS SHOULD BE RATED ASAP
this level is awesome...
pls get featured rubruuuub
WHY NOT FEATURED?
RubRub you silly willy! you forgot to feuture this!
GG All Coins :).
nice! reminds me of early 2.1 :)    
Cool! :)
nice level design even though its LDM ( if only i have better phone )
gg cool level
Epic! :)
yes, 81% is a ridiculous timing
how to find good lvls that r unfeatured? step 1: go to magic tab, and step 2: PLAY ANY LEVEL!!!
81% fixed! 
This level is so feature worthy
Please fix 81%, I died over 10 times there :(
Amazing :)
looooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooove this lvl
Cant pass 81 please just remove the upper spike
Ala :00
WOW, very cool level
bad gameplay
Mi parte favorita fue la de Skrillero =))
this was not playtested
neat
jUsT 5 lIkEs To GeT tOp CoMmEnT!!1!1!!1!!
a
Thats beautiful! Nice Level.
nice level :)
weeeee
EPIC
You guys should try lockpicking irl, its fun. (Not on stuff you dont own ofc)...
brawl stars be like:
i played for so long and this is my reward
like if you have no idea what to do in this level
the arrows indicate which way your pick should go btw
@Treytonator got the reference
This is really really cool, ended up being a lot more fun than I thought. Coins seem so hard tho
I got all 3 coins but had no idea I have to get my score back up to 250 to pass the level...
*Lockpicking increased to 47*
CS:GO OPEN CASE WTF 0_________0
this is so epic
Amazing! :)
Lmaooo, my lockpick glitched and didn't break, so it ended up having -500% durability at the end
I HATE THIS
maxyLAND is my favorite CREATOR                                                                     
aaaaaaaaa mod
cant believe a gd level is teaching me how to lockpick
so i had 500 coins at around 96 percent, so i got chests. Long story short, i got too many :(
"Click out of 1. Two is binding... "
yo thats sick
this has some neat parts but the gameplay kinda brings it down
Don't put invisible pads in portals, PLEASE
Not bad :)
coin 1: full jump at 10. coin 2: dont tap at 31. coin 3: dont tap at 84. coins r indicated with "c"
bad gameplay :(
ha  hah  ha ha haha
I have no idea how I sightread this.. gp needs a lot of cleaning up 
I like how you can pick the color or make it rainbow :)
blue and black? seems like white and gold to me
cool but the portals/orbs are very hard to read
this needs cp
#LughtMonCP
Potrebuje featured
E P I C
i love first cp rates
nice voler members are happy
Cool level :)
colors!!!
annoying level. gameplay is really bad at some parts. deco is good.
GG's.
yes
YOOOOOOOO AMAZIIIIIIIING
Pretty nice :)
meant to beat icdx for 750 demons but since this got rated i'll take it ig lol gg
Awesome level
poggers <3
Fun level, sent :)
GG! 3 attempts, very fun :)
Yo this is awesome and it was built in such a short period of time!
Pretty fun! :)
GG! :)
cool :)
old level
I love you typical
looks great
25 attempts. 65,000 stars and 2,200 demons :)
GG!
How is it humanly possble to build like this in such a short time
gg 13 attempts, love the gameplay (=
gg
I HOPE YOU GUYS LIKE MY LEVEELLL!!! (like so other can see)
Very repetitive but not bad.
COINS: 2%, 11%, 82%
Also why would any one want to disable the death effect
thanks for dedication (i am moffer)
Overall I think Deserve to get Feature, also you Don't Have CP! Anyways Sent! :D
rate whennnn
THIS. IS. AWESOME!!!! Great job, youll have cp soon :D and thanks for dedication <3
anjay first cp :D
wait what?,no way.this must some bug or something
FINNALYY THIS LEVEL HAS REACH 2K DOWNLOADDDD!!!! :D
Nice job dude
bro, that edition 10/10 love it
Pretty cool! i wish the gameplay is more easy to sight read, also i like those effects:)
gameplay isnt the most readable, and look a bit messy sometimes. but your movements & screen effects are great, cool level:)
IZZUL93 FIRST CP SINCE WHEEEEENNNNN
THATS EFFECTS ARE CRAZY AND INSANE :D LOVE IT <3
one of the best levels i have played in a while 
Featured ;)
GG! 2 coins
like for epic, dislike for nothing, ignore for 2020
HIIIII <3
Solid but it needs some polishing/work. GP was fun tho :)
The beginning creates the tension so well! Nice level dude ^_^
amazing level! Im in your house
cool
1st coin: dont tap the yellow portal at 29% and go down to get a mini coin. Coin at 37%
Sending this to multiple mod servers. Im not gonna sit here and let this level not get rated
2nd coin: dont get the mini portal at 66%
Probably wont be rated, but is defintely deserves it
bruh another feature worthy lvl that will be rated right rob?
GG, i have 2% battery on my phone 
this song feels like something from a movie trailer
V3: Fixed bug at 88% when you click late on the blue orb and die.
i love this level and idkw
i cant pass 88%
woah. amazing!! It feels like a war type of song to me, xD. Well, gj
why why why would you end the level at the drop the drop sounds dope
wait u gotta get a mini coin for first coin? i just did a timed jump while upside down
8k stars 
Fantastic level, this deserves a lot of attention!
Pretty neat :)
Why insane..?
Thanks Rob ayyyyyyy
GG! :)
First
Kinda looks like Ghoul by Desticy
good level but the spider dual is a little annoying
GG! :)
gg :)
GG! :) 509 Attempts! Cool gameplay, interesting coins, for the second one rebeat it! Very fun level!
Ghoul 2???
wow GG
yes finally
Very cool! gameplay could be a bit better but its overall a good level
GG! 80 attempts :)
i cant pass the click at 31...
There is soooo much bugs
Amazing design, but the gameplay is not for me. GJ tho! :)
pass: 111111
Awesome remake :)
FCUUUUKCK I BEAYT IT NOOOOOO
air bus
Dora bus has finally arrived! G's
gg
yeases
rgb victors on their way to get more list points
Ereboos
GG! Awesome level! :)
i still haven't forgiven you for your part in deception dive
this is so fun
Fun fact someone fluked this level legitmately from 0%
gouda
kinda wish you would come back ;(
gg!
gg
like for rate dislike for no rate
erebus is better
arabic bus
nice.
looks really good
why
Very nice, love it
I love how the dude who literally got a rate 2 minutes ago is begging for a rate
who wants password here is password : 015387
Not too shabby, but something feels off...
GG! :)
Demon 999 lets gooooooooooooo
fun
jesus christ the song size
everything starts with a z
where is zinht? Why he don't make levels? Was one of my favorite creators :(
GG! 9 attempts, fun sightread :)
GG! :) 35 Attempts! Very fun level! 
LETS GOO
also a lot of bad gamemode switches
Why you changed difficulty on medium demon ! We could let it as hard ! In 2.2 hard will be for 15*
GG 29 attempts! :D
GG! 76 atts, Demon #933 + 2 coins :)
What how do you improved so fast :O This is absoultely awesome man! This could get epic tho!
i cumed 
Sup
Finally... a decent level by MrMinadron.
Pretty dope!
@iMina trolled
smooth af :o
Nice, but a bit inconsistent when it comes to atmosphere.
Nice level! :)
#rate tokyo takedown #rate tokyo takedown
epic
Pretty nice :)
GG! 614 attempts, several bugs need to be fixed even though they can be avoided :(
pretty cool
GG! :)
epic :))
Pass is 555666!
very epic!!
:)) i luv the deco
BUG AT 75%
interesting experience
no place like home because i'm homeless
coin: trigger at 3. keys: 11-12, 33, 36, 55, 68 (up). coin at 90
gameplay goes weird to the end
Disgusting gameplay
neat!
Really good level!! will send this to a moderator later yo! :D
i dont like this game play
4,000,000 MANA ORBS :D
gg, coin! ;)
kawaii panda! <3
this need to be rated and epic
cool
GG, odd gameplay tho
gg
gg
mhm not a fan of the gp honestly but decent level
lol
GG's.
very good level :)
gg
PAL MACDONALL WACHINES!!!!!!
a pesar de tanto trabajo..este nivel merece su gran featured..^^]/
RATE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
fun gameplay
Donas
Not bad Sent!!
se la rifo assing con la deco
Este nivel merece rate OwO
GG! 12 attempts, should have taken 2 idk what's wrong with me :(
GG WACHO VAMOS PIBE OWO
76 x3 me da muchisimo lag aqui incluso con LDM
GG! 2 attempts, really fun level :)
hola :3
Really fun gameplay, the design are unoriginal but still good
Gg! 470 Demons =D {543 att ._.} Dedicado a: MenCanius, ZorionGD y SamuelJackson16 :3
GG slowo felicidades por tu primer rate!
GG! :) 4 Attempts! Very fun level!
91 Attempts, la vida me odia :,). Felicidades Sloudy por el featured bro :D
GG 20 attempts! :D
Ships: Hard Demon   Everything other than ship: Insane
I weirdly love playing this level. Levels like these with more colours and effects will get epic ez.
OH NO! 2.2 is trapped in robtops pc! help me to get it out there!
My favorite gender? Toyota Corrolla 2009
if cringe was a clown, tiktok would be a whole circus
 A wild comment has appeared!
*starts freestyle rapping about my fish I just flushed down a KFC toilet*
why get top comment when you can get bottom comment
Geometry Dash: great game, awful community (sort of)
never gonna give you up
Mods cant mod other users guys
the person below me is wearing sussy dababy among us drip
dislike if you like racists
Hey everyone! How are you guys doing?
w*men born after 1993 when they twerk, charge they phone, buy mcdonalds, eat hot chip, and lie
Like if Covid is the worst
i got kids in my basement
really fun! :)
do people not have school yet wtf
Humanity is so cool read this comment if you disagree
doritos more like dirtytoes hehehehee
Not bad level. Gameplay needs to be more readable otherwise it's very annoying to learn.
GG! :)
Amazing megacollab
beginning was quite interesting, and really liked the designs in the rest, well done :)
I guess amazing looking levels sre getting star rated now
rob did you forget that you can feature levels?
This is neat! :D
GG, 230 Attempts, 1300 Demons! :)
Spain but the S is silent
thanks for using creo's most underrated song
I like how you managed to make a pretty common style but in your very own way, nice job!
GG! 30 attempts :)
Nice megacollab, good job guys! Sent :)
Fun level, GG! :)
This looks great! Nice work! (:
this not being featured feels down right insulting
GG! :) 79 Attempts! It was very interesting, good gameplay which is really readable! Very fun level!
Amazing design level! great work for the creators :)
GG! Very fun but the end is so hard compared to the rest of the level.
wow
someone give thisman a feature
Gameplay is very questionable. In the future you need to work on differentiation with your levels
I thought this was more 9* but ok
also i cant see where i am
the color composition doesnt feel well made
ultra fun
My dad says that if this gets 100 likes he will pinch my toes and call me a jelly donut.
GG :)
XD ;)
enjoyable gameplay, deco felt repetitive
very fun and cool
how is this still not rated yet >:(((
Very enjoyable and sightreadable, should be rated
EASY STARTING! THANKS MAN!
very buggy
the majorrity of the levels view is filled with no purpose, which makes it quite messy, and the-
I sightread the entire level from 23% and I have no idea how
Not a fan of the gp, but this is pretty good!
Gameplay was alright, but it felt really wonky.
ROB WYD
This was planned to go up to his account, but he suddenly quit GD and passed the level again.
good level ill send to lapis.     wait a minute
The bea art was originally drawn by @Nikingply on twitter, please cite your sources !!!
Gotta love that art :)
good job fellas
Impressive!
hentia
Stay gold, Ponyboy...  Stay gold.
boi
:O
Awesome :)
glad people are using this part of the song, its nice!! good job to you both 
YES A PLUCKING POKEMON LEVEL
Wish it was less laggy, but pretty cool :)
we all know why came here
IF THIS DOESNT GET FEATURED I WILL EAT MY SHOE
What in the world is that row of spikes you see at the beginning lol
roptop better stop eating apples and cooking chicken, theres a rate needed to be made
epico :o
LiKE iF hErE BeFOre fEaTURe
#ModMorce :)
Ending kinda lazy tho... But it still looks good for rated or feature! :)
Velmi podareny level. Mozno bude aj daily. Dakujem za dedic a #ModMorce
#ModMorce
Looks a bit simple but good concept! #ModMorce ;)
Amazing
wow this is featured! thanks :)
best unknown creator
why isnt this rated?
#ModMorce
Awesome :)
YESS FEATURED!!
Sure I'll drop a #ModMorce as well
Awesome level, especially the second part in my opinion. Thank you for the dedication! =)
Nice Level!
when the destiny is pixel
fsh omg
i like it Gg
#ModMorce
wow !
awesome gameplay and colors
Where have you guys been all this time :o
bolsonaro
Collab with Bluerimz, JhemysonGMD and Nidro!
PICANTE PICANTE MANO MUITO PICANTE
23 attempts. #1312
i made the bolosnaro block, where's my credits, i'll copystrike you ian lucas
GG! :)
Pog
pass is 987654
Whoa this is awesome. Fab dynamics and colours
Epic :0
Pretty fun :)
eu tenho dois lados...
@Epxa PogYou
Great level, this would be perfect for weekly demon
This is STILL awesome!
Amazing megacollab. Sent :)
This is really good, great job everyone! :)
nice decoration, bad gameplay :(
La verdad es que nunca he entrado en esa habitacion donde la gente supuestamente grita y hace cosas.
here before feature --->
like this comment and MR CRAZYHANDS kills CORONA VIRUS
super cool! i wish the boss had more attacks, but really nice level overall
Like if came from Nexus
Like for weekly demon
Tell Mr. CrazyHands that we are quarantined, and I henceforth cannot play with him
Dont know if I posted it here, but the pass is 666666. Go crazy.
GG Mr Locas manos
Like for Mr. CrazyHands, dislike for Peaceful
Patched "secret way"
Pass 666666 like please!
This is my chance to get a liked comment. Can I do it?
este comentario esta hackeado dale like 5 veses
Mr. CrazyHands will get you during your sleep. Like this to turn on a protective barrier.
like if you were here ftom nexus video
Updated! No more secret ways.
Quien viene de guitar?
Denle estrellas ;(
like to add LDM for those mobile people like me :'(
COME
it says "you cantnt" so that means that i can
CHE FIGATA DIO BOIA
w0lf3 level is real
couldn'tn'tn't
#5 on the leaderboard, this is fantastic
enjoyable
a bit unbalanced (especially at the end) but still pretty fun
Henceforth, I am unable to cant
GG!
32 atts GG! 24k stars :)
messy level
What?
so underrated
Old theme for an old song, great work!
BELLO
W0lf3 lvel yess :OO
epic
Really epic. Great job.
nice
imagine being mad about a mod getting top comment but you are a likebegger
Like if you play on mobile.
10 likes and I eat myself
like if you still remember partition
like if you saw robtops 2.2 sneak peak live stream
Pineapples
@Peter also in ligma too
This is so nice!
I hate Free Fire
liKEE fOr Gd DisLiKe fOr MiNEEcrAft
Where are the likebegging comments
This was insanely fun :D
I like it a lot, mix of 2.1 effects and 1.9 deco is almost always great :)
Peter que haces
@Peter mientes
Peter basado
like if you are a human
2.2 is an urban legend
GG! 153.000 Stars! 28/08/2021 :)
shut up im watching netflix
Always cool arts :)
Reunomi: Killing mobile players since update 2.1
Just wanna let ya know that this have 220k objects and some of the layout is by leaf cloud :)
If this gets featured, I'll legit name my next level "Furries Ejaculation OWO"
Beautiful art.. sent :)
btw pass is 852369 :)
INCREDIBLE ARTS
nice backgrounds!
wow that is one heck of a masterpiece
why the heck this is still not rated?
Kinda buggy, otherwise a great level :D
why isnt this rated lol
just AMAZING! god
Yes..
how is it not rated?
this is extremely underated
Robtop should rate epic and give this #1 in hall of fame for now and daily, better ldm pls
failure 
Heh.
should be rated
I pray all night for this not to get likebotted.
If this comment gets 10 likes I will eat myself
Luzurus
ebic
Really really cool :)
Still looks good
20mb song why you do this to me? Dx
GG! :)
8 months and 0 effort huh? Can u teach me?
Feature when tbh
when you get likebotted and you noclip it again
This level was an Extreme demon, and now Insane Demon 0_0
gameplay horrible 
i swear this wasnt rated 5 minutes ago
lmao this just got rated boys
Cool
Amazing... :o
sus
Why does this has no rate
zynvire is a liberal
how is this already out? :O
don't ask what happens the day after september 8th...
But it's the 18th. :thonk:
The day before 9/11
welcome back, and amazing work :)
Actually not too bad
Nice
aw man the 7th was my birthday :(
Thicc 8)
omg gggg
you cant spell bepis without epi
Nice :D
september 8 is my birthday
September 10th
2 days until 9/10/21
Ya kalendar' perevernu...
You love to see it
Nice comeback! <3
Hey, if im thinking about CP...I always say to myself, if EpiEpz can do it, than so can you!
actually quite nice
which is heavier 1 kg of steel OR 1 kg of feathers
the song made me nostalgic
look like old levels but this is good !!
like for pizza <]
this really captures the vibe of mid-2.0 while also looking clean and that's cool
Combinar lo simple con algo unico simplemente EPICO!
This is one of the few song that can be put in any level of any difficulty, without sounding odd
Cool level! :)
Es como una maquina del tiempo al 2015 xd
El portal espejo arruino al nivel.
Cool! :)
I would've liked to see more variation in the designs and more creativity imo
4 stars? Nooooo 5
9k stars!!! gg!!!
estoy bien  menso xD
WOW
6 att, GG!
gg
GG!! =)
GG! 1 attempt  :pog:
Mami Chan, very good!!
If you play GD on mobile, you played gd in the bathroom at least once.
sorry for the lag again ;-;
18 fps challenge
If this comment get top, i will beat this level
imagine getting top comment that would be so cool(if i ever got it)
This is so awesome, the atmposphere is pretty good while the pixel art is also super cool.
Mami-chan <3
6500 stars!
gg on stream
Awesome!
Amazing visuals!!
honestly i dont understand why retray is the most liked level it should be levels like this on top
Good anime art, Good art level and Very Good LEVEL!!!
AMAZING
GG
why is everyone saying rip mobile players im on mobile and there is no lag without ldm
8 att ipad 2016 rip my ipad
bien el art
no mano que.lag xd :'v
Like before feature
Nice atmosphere.
awesome :) had a lot of fun playing this
VAMOS
this is so cool, the black and white with grey scales usage is awesome, sending to mods in few days
this is cool! this will get feature guaranteed
Pass:021021
neat :)
gg 13 attempts 1 coin
If this doesnt get a feature Ill throw a raccoon at Robtop
hold on this is not rated epic?? Thought it was
Nice
amazing work! =)
b
gg esta bonitooo...!!
omg pero que buen nivel, GG :)
Gg!! :)
FIRST CP GG
nice lvl. Good ideas
really good level, and GG 17k stars :)
hello howare you i am under the water please help me i am drowning
i am under water. pls help me
hold in 48% to get the coin
hello i am under the water pls help me AWOO
Theme is very very well executed, but gameplay is a bit rough and hard to read. I approve!
update: nerfed 1st part, arrows added to 2nd part, 3rd part transition fixed, fixed visual bugs
so beautyful
why this no have epic
yo thanks rob :)
So clean, but blocks are very empty. Sent :)
very cool
actually really cool
some parts are really well done :)
past 45 its looks really good but i died
otpravit' moderam?
so evil
XD looksreally good
because of the skill issue diagnosis i have made the slope jump 100% consistent
theres too much raining gurrlelerrddrrgg
This actually looks rate worthy, nice job
Hi from Instagram :D
First cp's soon
Like this comment if robtop need to rate this level
this needs a star rate
like for stefanos2004
pitogyro
Love the colours and pulses :)
thanks stefanos2004 ^^)
This nice bro although the lag he gave me at the end but hey, I'll send the mods :)
omg epic :3
cool but block design in some parts seems so empty :)
Seriously, that level is impressive, good job bro!!! 555 like that level >:)
Huge concrats bro! Amazing level as always!
fly high, michigun /\/\/\
GG, FIRST CREATOR POINTS AS DESERVED!! 
Hi Instagram.... :)
wow
yo you finnaly got a rate pog
Nice Modern lvl :)
cool level dude, the modern deco is stunning. hope u get your first cp :)
awesome work boypoochie
I---- BOYPOOCHIE>?????????
2 coins, good amosphere =)
Coin 2: Tap invisibel trigger at 30% Coin 3: Tap invisible black orb at the end of the level.
Nice level, hope it gets featured :)
Love it ^_^
Congratulations on a third account with cp!
@duck this is only my second
congrats on rate! 
Oh, thought u had another lmao
Congrats on the rate!
GG 16 attempts
GG!! Fun timings :)
gonna beat tmr, this inspired me to create again <3 ly shane
omg congrats!
d
GGs!
gg
g
GG all coins finally ^^
Some parts look kinda repetitive or empty, but the art is cool overall
This is way harder then a 7 star. Rob, come on man!
In my profile I have a message for you <3 (not spam)
Looks a bit empty in some parts, but Is a good level.
Also some of the gameplay is a little unbalanced
i like balls
sick!
Definitely worth a feature, would be epic if some parts weren't empty.
Ta ta ta aaaaaa. Good level some parts the gameplay deviates, but it is a good level
this isnt freedom its slavery
You make the spider look like a bad game mode
gp is kinda trash ngl man
Amazings
this level is epic and awesome!!
super cool
Very good but lag :D
The level's ending sucks but everything else is ok
Brasile!!!
bruh i found secret way from 0% - 100% is it bug bruhhhhhhhhhh
like if you died at 0%
It's quite confusing
Nice job for 2 colors, although I wished the quality didn't degrade as the level progressed
GG Finally & 4000 Keys :).
Pretty decent.
gameplay ruined it for me, timings are of 7 star difficulty imo
pro
good level :)
6800 jumps lol
2 colours??? HOW
rip
thank for dedication <3
Nice :)
bro how was i supposed to know that that's a dash orb
more first cp pls
very cool level
a
lejos
#76 on leaderboards, neat
using only 2 colors??? That's insane :flush:
GG nice level SHAD!
visually it's good but the gameplay really lacks in quality and sight-readability
Coin 1; key at 5%, go down at 7%. 2; time 50% orb to go on top and miss spider. 3; key at 76%.
this can get rated
Nice
h
GG karaka Ur the first on top leaderboard
This's really good!
Wow this so cul :D
Nice! I like this level
increditable
unoptimized at the drop, meh.
quite monotone, although this gives me great vibes!! maybe should polish some things tho :)
secret way
Cute!
this is a personal opinion but i really lovr this tyoe of decl and i hope this get featured
rate worthy
Nice! Love deco and gameplay! This might get Featured someday!
its good
GG's.
nice!!
An honor to have helped you bro, we look very great!  <3
Ayo I like this
not bad overall, but felt inconsistent and messy in some areas especially with glow
Nice work :)
good designs and fun layout but i wish to see more air decorations next time! Sent :)
Cool level, sent :)
Super cool, sent to mods
well done guys finally <3
Insert Daily                  
epic :)
probably will be medium demon
10% sry bro I have a girlfriend
we all love panda eyes <3 awesome music & level GG
Very cool
I love you too <3
<3 
First part is cool :)
i verified the golden
gg 5 attempts 1 coin very fun :)
Lvl COOOOool. Nice bro:)
Suscribete a mi canal de YouTube me motivas y me ayudas mucho ^^
Not bad, sent :)
AAAAAAHH!!!! QUE EMOCIOOOOON!! graciaaas :3
esta excelente,gracias por la dedicacion ^-^
wee la cancion ! muy buen nivel camarada :^)
GG Buen nivel saludos desde Geometry Life xd
Nivel 100 de 10...GG!
muy bueno!
Nice level!
chido
GG! All coins! :)
GG bro gracias por la dedicatoria uwu 
GG! bro tu segundo feat! :'3
level modern
GG!:D
._.
so cool :0
Me encanto el nivel, sigue asi :)
Cool level!! Sent to mods! :D
loved the level, it continues like this
like si buscaste xd
El diego se la come
Momazos Diego
This level be dedicated to me, thanks Arturlist for make this level, now is rated. CONGRATULATIONS!
Diego se la come :v
GG Artur :)
nivel guapo
el diego le gusta la poronga
Beautiful bro :)
diego se la come
q gei
el diegoxd la chupa
this level is very fun! good colors and design. i like it :)
nice
cuando entro parece que estoy usando speed hack
gg
weirdo
xd
cool
no ablar spaol xd
I know you guys like mirror portal so, YOURE WELCOME
Watch people mald over the mirror portal. :troll: Nice job! :)
ta barato
esta caro gracias
lol, playing mirror portal while high makes a simple level like this feel 9* instead, lmao
Sinko peso
yas rob slay
ta gratis
havent played a mirror level in a long time, clean :)
Vendo caramelo de peso a menta... Alguien quiere?
les vend0 diner0
1 peso
How come you can drink a drink but not food a food
Sex is not funny.
fortnite bad minecraft good
my goldfish died because i flushed him down the toilet now give me likes
you're a snitch if you snitch
i comment a single letter and y'all gas it up smh
5 peso
Mirror portals were a mistake, just like my birth.
neat level bro
Pass and coins in my YT?
This is a blast
you know a level is good when the creator made his own song for it
are 7* levels getting harder or am I getting worse
The effects are really cool, but you should work on the design in the future
if you die 1 time or more on the first saw you will like this comment
happy birthday to me :D now I'm 19 Years Old :]
Rafer + Steroids + GD Subzero = THIS
EPIC lETS GOOOOO
pass: 150902
remake this in 2.2
congratulations on the epic brother :)
Update 3: Fixed a secret way, you DON'T need a secret way :)
8000 stars :)
not fun to sightread but fun to play
*1%*  Over 1%!
insane 8
Am I the only one who can't sightread this gameplay?
Epic level bro:0                                                                                   
super poop bass pumping  (T-Pain among us) Zimbabwe cheeseburger tomato among us irish leg damces
The Bron Jame
GG 28k stars :)
silly
1500000 mana orbs, that's so many
:(
GG! Whit Coin! Top 167! :D
Im the 100th like :)
Cute but too short :(
GG
Why a Blake rate.
GG
super easy coin :)
GG!
GG 800 user coins!
GG 4 muertes 44 saltos o nose :v pero te quedo bien el nivel vro 
lemon jahame
GG! :)
GG Good level Thx for 700 Coins :D
gg 31,2k =)
Ah daily chat, the biggest development mistake I have made
Try save now
Will check save issue, not sure what is causing it
bye guys, I got to do homework, like if you feel my pain.
Epic, great job as always
been there, sheen that
This comment will get like for no reason
what if we kissed in the new ja4y level haha.. unless?
awesome
Hey Robert Topert
it is almost like a whole different planet isnt it?
Happy to have made some of the gameplay for this :)
like if you hate school
to get the first coin you have to dodge the gravity orb on the ship and then hit the black orb :)
yo squap
"im 12" "im 16" "im 21" whats next, 27?
Ye, nice to see you all again ^^
robtop got ratio
there is a 0% chance of this comment getting likes
among us joke, time to get the banhammer
I have nothing interesting nor funny to say, and this is exactly why you're going to like my comment
gameplay is quite creative too 
Someone said gameplay doesnt matter in gd. Im dying.
hey mom i foynd a proper level in the recent tab
gameplay honestly sucks
this level feels like a 9 star
gameplay is also key
i see you've been doing shrooms as well
unique gameplay doesnt mean good gameplay
rob come back and do more or else ratio :troll:
Pretty nice :)
horrible gameplay
in minecraft survival is key
and creativity is something this level doesnt have
shit
There is a annoying bug at 27%
Pablo
Creativity is good but it's not fun to play in some parts ngl
Not sure what people are talking about, this gameplay is really cool
and willcoocoo steals top comment *crosses arms for dramatic effect*
this is... a car commercial?
this is sick
that car is breaking at least three traffic laws
gg 247 attempts
Like if you hate paul
That car looks like an Audi R8
popcorn.                                                                                     ----->
i sit on the tv to watch the sofa
If this doesn't get epic i don't know what will, amazing job on everything!
gta 6 trailer leaked wtf
If you dont like this comment, 2.2 will NEVER come out.
very nice! dislike
ngl i wish this got epic rated...robtop please fix this
Damn no epic
omg
hey early gang i have never gotten a most liked comment, you think you can make that happen?
Better luck next time ig lol
i,uh, dont think youre supposed to drive in the middle of the road, bud
siiiick i cant actualy believe this is GD
The 3D is awesome :o
Am I dreaming? Custom obj have to be enabled instead of disabled? Amazing
I love this
Neat arts, good job :)
Click for daily                                                                        [Here]
sup
Love it :)
Very cool
hi :D
hey hey heyy
spelt 1f1n1ty wrong. smh...
Heyy ;)
beautiful as always
hey there nice level
Pretty colors :)
hi
Short and sweet :3
69 moment... Bruuuuuuuhhhh...
Welcome back man. Glad to see you back with another level. 8)
Like before this gets daily ------>
Some parts are very confusing :/
I-
petition for 2.2 to release tomorrow {sign here} ^^
i know its not epic worthy but im betting it will get an epic :3
<><><>
mfw knots
fck this orb
WAIT I HAVE NO CLUE WHY THIS IS EPIC
me lo pase cagando xd
Love the deco but gameplay sucks
yay i finally beat crystal corridor
not bad but i really don't see how this is epic worthy
why this is epic?
this level eminates a warmth, a soul, feelings and emotions. It has an atmosphere like no other. gg
password- 248625
GG! this is amazing
lindo
gg 1996 stars, so close to 2k
...
so cool!
nice
Pleasant :D
Nice atmosphere :)
Absolutely LOVE this, such creative ideas and progression here. Should definitely be 8 or 9* though.
Concepts and atmosphere are great. Could have better execution, but still it's pretty good level. :)
Cool, 1. Secret way 30% ; 2. 40-43% 1.0 blocks ; 3. End block is clean. Very cool level, please fix:3
i played this level so you dont have to!
ill rate this 7/8 stars, too hard for 6. cool level anyway, love the atmosphere :)
1 like = 1 unknown creator gets CP
I saw this in Magic early, congrats on your first CP
Some bugs and SW fixed.     (Limeroon has no meaning Just the level name)
Una completa basura de gameplay
97279 stars xd
pretty annoying
good. It would be great if some gameplay improved imo.
This level gets more updates in 5 minutes than the game gets in 5 years
la deco esta tan bien hecha que no se ve una mierda
deserves epic
I think this should be reted insane
a bit confusing i must say
like if you're not racist
Nice level, but this is a bit too easy for a Demon. Sent for featured
j blocks bro, use them.
i think you should focus more on the gameplay from now on. the designs are fine but the gameplay omg
the deco is really nice but the gameplay is quite disgusting :I
really out of sync gameplay
great level but please the transition :(
bad transitions
Transitions, always
Horrible gameplay
this gameplay is literally just green orbs
great decoration and glow effects, meanwhile the sync looks a bit off while playing the level
GG! :)
GG 7 att
I beat demons that were easier than this
El gameplay esta medio raro pero ok xd
Nivelaso
The pulses dont match the style of the song
quite annoying for an 8 star
trash transitions
eewew
Really nice! also the first jump pad breaks on 300+ fps
not what i expected to find in recent
Pass : 009786,Like!
coin : you pop the small moving bubble at 21% :) very creative
45,000 stars! :)
ldm is already fix, enjoy
Not even an hour later this gets featured. Im just confusion
Yo you should fix the first pad, it doesn't work on most refresh rates above 180hz
niceee
I love this. It might fall a bit repetitive first parts but very atmospheric anyway.
GG! 106k stars
its so beatifull lvl and fun <3
Pretty cool level. Top 33
Nice
wheres spongebob?
Good Job!
amazing GG
GG
BUBBLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Bubbles! <3
Really really cool man! The effects and general flow of this are great. Fantastic work! :D
mishka fredde
Good job!
really amazing atmosphere you created with the effects and pulses here 
much harder than expected, might end up being an extreme demon in the easier side tbh
this looks lit :fire:
i spent more attempts on this than on napalm why do u think its insane demon
why did I put triple spikes
I realize that No "Waves" in this lvl
pi3da
Nice job!
too good
ok there we go finally, this level is so awesome <3
harder than acu
I'll comment "Trash level" just to get bottom comment :)
its extrime demon dude
gah dayum
drewch fixik
Absolutely fantastic and satisfying gameplay! And the deco is incredible too :D
pain
Claim your here before rated pass here
wow this is incredible
click to send RobTop  =============^
some of the later parts show promise but theres definitely a fair amount of inconsistency
FEATUREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
i have no words. this is amazing :D
sium
i like turtles
too much glow and gameplay could be better, but overall it has some pretty amazing deco
What the hell is sium
God, this could give an epic if it didnt overused glow so much. I really like it!
glow usage helps to compliment the design and the colors were a nice touch as well. Sent! :)
Bro, the song reminds me of the final bossfight of Bowser Inside Story
very good lvl
POOOOOG Im a part of this level :3
vintoutop, sam ponos
here before featured button -->
COOOOOOOL!
Amazing use of energy, the transitions are extremely smooth and the colors are set out well. feature
I like this a lot! Keep it up! :)
petition for 2.2 to release in 1 hour      {sign here}^
Like if this is weekly demon
guys i made this hack when u like this comment a number appears
First send :)
Looks very cool and it's fun, sent for featured
20 likes and I will eat my toy
Awesome!
love the gameplay and sync, nice job.
Very enjoyable level, I'm a big fan of the colours and the overall aesthetic too, keep it up! :)
Phase 3: escape the space!
so awesome
199 attempts on the weekly (+ 3 coins). #1352
dope
GG! 100.000 stars, 100.000 diamonds, 35.000 user coins, 1500 demons & 4.000.000 orbs!!!
Don't look at my percent...
amazing :)
Youre joking.
GG! :)
Ok so I fixed the LDM and made it wide screen happy.
banger
one year of life? so you're one years old?
<3 Chucho <3
Happy birthday ! Sent :)
<3chucho<3
<3 Chucho <3
10 likes and I will eat my left foot.
<3 Chucho <3
ROB GET YOUR BUTT OVER HERE AND RATE THIS AN EPIC
let us celebrate another year of existence by eating unhealthy bread with fire sticks on top
<3 Chucho <3
<3 Chucho <3
<3 Chucho <3
Why do the girls legs look weird at 40%
<3 Chucho <3
For the 2nd coin get the heart at 26% :)
<3 Chucho <3
really? dedicated to my friend who has a birthday EVERYONE HAS A BIRTH DAY WHt
<3 chucho <3
Woooahhh esta muy hermoso :0
TODAY IS MY BIRTHDAY
haha, really enjoyed the "Made Without Unity" addition
Congrats on your first feature!
Code for the end not 923. Your welcome.
no way a frickin 6* should take 2 hours but whatever gg ig :/
i forgot the code for the level i was on
any comment which has a code shall be vanquished into the deleted comments realm
i beat the level and i was just spamming at the end and accidentaly restarted the level AWESOME
rysskie derjite kod deviat tri piat'
25 minuto me llevo este nivel gg :)
gg 14 attempts took me over an hour to beat :(
how do you get past level 39, it is literally harder than vsc
this was made in gd btw
I was able to beat it all. GG! =D
I don't want to play something like this never again.
This was awesome! A bit long, and maybe 6* doesn't do it justice, but had so much fun playing :)
The levels 36 and 39 i was stuck for minutes, GG!
215
XD?
Sometimes my genius is.. its almost frightening
u mom is man
if this doesnt get epic ill put my balls in my own jaws
probably the best thing ive found in the magic tab
tap for epic                                                            (here)
BRO THAT MIRROR PORTAL TRANSITION WAS SMOOTH AF WHY IS THIS NOT EPIC
charmin' :))
come on man,why not epic,this is EPIC
Great lvl!
Wow mirror portal really works nice in this level :O
I cant believe I LIKED a mirror portal being in a level.. That transition was insane
This lvl should be daily
laggy, even with ldm...
gg
Really cool! Shame it didn't get epic
omg how is this not epic!!!!!
should've deserved epic imo
very good level :)
100/10 the gameplay and decoration love it
les apuesto a que esto sera el daily de hoy 
ok why not epic
Fun gameplay and awesome decoration! It's always refreshing to see mirror portal gameplay lol
Pretty cool, sent :)
his profile is just sus
is it just me or does the robot part feels harder then the rest of the level
You can fall down at 4% and go up to 15% at the bottom :)
bad
gg
why did the level end i was vibing
so bad
Cancer gameplay.
this part is cancer
mini secret way in 4%
garbage level!
GG! I almost reached 20000 stars :)
gg 30,9k =)
please like my most recent level
P chill, nice job :)
tfw u dont playtest your levels
you can go through the level on the ground but only partially
ok
Gotta say... I didn't like the last spikes :/
Not bad but a lot of parts looks really empty
Like only if you don't have creator points
Wish the first parts were less empty, still looks good and very fun to play, sent :)
FREE COIN FOR ALL OF YOU!
Colours are good and designs are clean, but there is lack of air deco and bgs in many parts
"Very good level, when there is no Background the Block Design stands out a lot" GG! * - *
I will be heading out now, see ya :)
GG! 154.000 Stars! 03/09/2021 :)
i like to think this guy ran out of ideas so he threw a school building into his background
Daily \(0.0)/
When robtop rates levels literally minutes after they're sent
first coin 30% go up in ship, 2nd 60% go down in ship, 3rd is free :) pls like
you know this when you come back to gd from a short break and realize your skills are gone? :(
Funkypercy is gay.
if you use age as an insult then your point automatically shut downs and is no longer valid
@viper go back to kissing a printed sheet of paper with deci's icon set you absolute tree branch
I accidently got 1100000 orbs XD
GG! :)
viper you make thatveganteacher look like dude perfect
harry potter and the chamber of drugs
coolio
Feliz cumple! The level's great, neat effects and neat designs :)
coolio
this song is what you would hear if you didn't know how to speak english
coolio
coolio
Good level, sent :)
Hay varias partes interesantes, tal vez algunos pulses en el drop estarian bien. Mandado para feat
GG happy vertey chuu you 
not too bad :)
Epico nos quedo!! <3 Feliz cumple atrasado!!
LIKE SI VIENES POR GITAR =)))))
neat designs and cool colors :)
GG y feliz cumpleaos uwu
coolio
level is good but transitions can be better :))
coolio
14 stars 01/septiembre/2021 gg ;)
Nice
GG All Coins.
the effect isn't the most revolutionary thing in the world but gameplay's fun at least
hey tony whats up                               skamtebord
make sure to check out r/skamtebord, i've got tons of level names from it
Fun level, sent :)
pass is 69420
probably a 9* but really fun good job
really liked the gameplay and effects, are awesome! :)
Very fun gameplay :)
fun!
this is like those really annoying early 2.1 levels but you actually executed the cube circle well
im surprised not a lot of people went for at least one of the coins lol
well, we found the next daily level.
when rrhe impsiter is sus now giv eme likes nowowowoowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowo >:(((!
fun level!
b u n c h
bunch is easily one of the best gameplay creators
This level has a BUNCH of great gameplay xD
I died at 97% twice
nice
GG 4000 stars!!!
breaking news im dumb
I like this a lot. Nice job. :)
HERE WE GO!!
happy birthday to you and hatsune miku again
adorable level
this is literally amazing i love this thing to bits
woah
dont click at all during the whole level :)
<3 !
i love this level so much ceru
i just woke up and im shaking so hard oh my goddddd
why tf yall commenting your attempts
oh dont jump 
i really spent a year working on a level like a clown just to get comments complaining its too long
One of my new favorite levels of all time!!
Why
I pinned my brother down while playing this
happy to have helped :]
not epic ;-;
in game ldm option, in the settings, to remove unnecessary visual effects
made in 16 hours
the structuring and movements just made my day
Jump on the 1% red block to achieve epicness
remember when epic existed
finally a modern level i can get behind
auguscik mija a smutek wielki jebac wrzesien i 60 elo
wish there was more indicators, very fun otherwise
hard to read
Don't do anything if you agree that "like if" comments are annoying.
love this
LMAO
COINS: 1st coin - F R E E.
i feel like the lmao ruins it
So cool :)
Im the dumbest man alive! this level: i use spikes deco! You're clearly dumber.
Like this comment if you got the LMAO
a bit confusing tbh...
dAmn. everywhere I Go, I see My cOlorS. kinda sUs.
16 hours... how is this even possible
Lmao
horrible gameplay
ayy rates
omg it is featured my first cp :D
Never gonna give you up.
honestly the gameplay is awful, but the deco makes up for it.
Very cool level, I hope you get a rate out of this, maybe you could have added more air deco though
should be 9 stars
hey man, can you please not rip-off design aspects from my level? thanks.
Bad gameplay, fix some transitions
why is this epic
NAKED
not to be mean but it's not really fun to play, I really like the deco tho and GG on your first rate
Playing this without practice mode was a bad idea... :D
696969 is password, you're welcome
level name: make it       song name: never make it                   im getting mixed messages her
holy shit major fluke from 97 holy shit a whole 3 percent omg
cool gameplay bad transitions
kto ot Maffaki? laik na koment :)
gameplay rly isnt that bad imo, just the transitions and invisible platforms(and terribly optimized
i really like this level, cool deco, cool gameplay, except for all the ufo parts, no skill just spam
I love the part when my game crash and my pc explode
-how many bugs here? -yes.
my mom was making noises last night with my dad
GG <3
these are the type of dailys that make me wanna quit gd 
just sent this lmao
if this get 5 likes, i'll jump over a cliff
the gameplay is about as readable as a doctors handwriting
GG <3
I guess i'm cool yes
GG <3
My cat died friends : '(
coin: hit "push" button at 21%
do you mfs seriously enjoy roleplaying making out and snuggling with strangers
Whoever liked my comment, send me a friend request
GG <3
un like = Un GG mas para bitzGD
GG <3
GG<3
The first part's a little weaker than the rest, but awesome energy :)
"Can we have fireboy & watergirl?" "We have fireboy & watergirl at home" Fireboy & watergirl at home:
0/10 should be called "my friend and I"
do not know if it is possible on mobile :(
one of the cool easy levels i will never conpletw becuse lag
"Oh you're a game designer? What's your favorite game engine?" "Geometry Dash"
rate plz
Speedran it as fast as I can, only got to lvl8 :((
Very chill minigame, I like it
rate
Fireboy and watergirl vibes :)
i got 2 coins but i was literally about to get 3!!
got all 3 coins on mobile :D
no problem on mobile.. change character - triple click on right upper part.
no carga en mi nokia  xd
fireboy and watergirl but they are roomates
if this doesent get dail i will eat myy pants off
best minigame ive ever played
Its really hard on mobile
if u need to switch character w/o going right, u can hold left side 1st, then 3x tap right side
Like this comment if you took a fat shit today
Primo huehuehue
A bit buggy but overall nice
Very good level :)
Sidereal? More like SURREAL! This levels beautiful! :)
pass:130203
Ez 1 att while driving drunk while jumping through a ring of fire while eating a sandwitch blind.
nice theme, I like how you always manage to work with different styles :)
Nonetheless, very well done. Gameplay was fun, and design's on point.
like si eres humano
Decent foreground, it'd be nice if more went on in the background as well
Personally don't think it's going to be Epic - backgrounds lack something to make them special.
Feels a little empty in some parts, but I like the style you went for here :)
nice music bro! :D 
really crazy good backgrounds:)
Gets harder and harder and h a r d e r and H A R D E R and H   A   R   D   E   R.
Nothing to say but Breath Taking
really good gameplay, I like it
gg!! ;)
Really nice!
so epic
sussy
omg the name
yo rubrub among sus
A bit repetitive and messy in the designs, though they're interesting. Gameplay kinda average.
ROBTOP US
This is the reason we need a new rating system
OBAMAHAMBURGERSUSSYBALLS
out of all the level names you could choose, it was this. still a neat level though :)
key cow
rubmongus?  RUBMONGUS!!!!
like if your not sussy
Translate keys cow to filipino.
pretty sus
Like this comment for sussy robtop powah
He really IS a suspicious imbecile.. .
*translates keys cow to filipino* susi baka
who just searched "sus" for no reason
addmit it you searched sus
1st Coin: Jump To Go Under The Second Platform At 4% 2nd Coin: Skip Yellow Orb At 94%
when the impostor is sus
GRACIAS ROBERTO CTMREEE TWT!!!
Very fun, sent :)
Very colorful and pretty, thx 4 the dedication :)
Viva la grasa -Albert Einstein
el bossfight es lo mejor... gracias por la dedicacion
hi im new in geometry dash
Me encanta que los cielos anden bonitos =))
Te has venido mas arriba que Espana
Por fin algo en espanol jaja
1st Coin: Tap The Black Orb At 18% 2nd Coin: Free At 59% 3rd Coin: Skip The Yellow Orb At 84%
Ya solo por llamarme wapo te mereces un like. 
Me hiciste perder el control GG
To get the coin at 84%, don't touch the yellow orb !
buen nivel! gracias por la dedicacion
m-me dijo guapo?
gurame?
like por el nombre en espaol :)
Gracias por lo del wapo, wapo :')
nice!!! te dije bro, el que persevera alcanza
Un Saludo Alos Holopapus <3
pretty good, this spot needs a j block tho
Why do people dislike comments that arent negative? What is the point?
Pog
i think we have a new competitor, RandomSeal, god of bg!
Ya daun))) GG:)
good levels dont have to be hard
Beautiful
really great sense of depth
you are a good creator
IDK WHY I KEEP DIEING AT 90%BUT GJ!
congrats on rate man
GG 10100 estrellas :^
Good art!
me recuerda a angry birds no se por que
this is awesome! :)
levels like this should be epic
epic fiverr fail
Awesome! Super slick & fun gameplay! Great job, creator! Thanks so much! GG... <3
fvck haters, this man is a legend
@Totalheck airplanes in the nightsky are like shooting stars
amazing level, needs to be rated quickly! :)
keren, epic, wajib di entod
-ot, ah!!!
this level is a proof, that levels are becoming too laggy
ot
Fun ideas but its a bit sensory overload at times, maybe stick to one or two things next time.
this level is a proof, that we live in a simulation
Ok
funny level name
pretty cool!
Good level and all, I just wish it werent so unbalanced and that the UFOs werent so inconsistent
ngent*t  lu
Not sure why this isnt epic
epic name awokawok
Nice
ngentengin badan
Awokawok anak ngent
bebas di entod
Cool level, but pls don't use scale hacked glow cuz it's looks bad
THIS IS SO GOOD
i did a stupider
i need 8 likes for top comment like plz?
okthe level will be more polite soon
level name by me. youre welcome
top comment is stupid comment
1 like = 1 diamond
robot gameplay sucks
i have no idea whats going on and i cant say thats unique
my percentage is stupid
You literally sent me this level before it got featured, asked me what it needed, and now I'm here.
i did a stupidest
you did a stupid
I did an oopsie
i am a stupid 
GG! Cool Level!
i am a stupid
i hate people
i did a stupid
i did a stupid
hierba
actually cool, i like how you put your own spin on it. boss is a bit weird but very swagg :D
I just realized that this is my first non-rainbow level in over 4 months
not a moffe level because you requested 5 stars instead of 3
the torches in the bg are really creative
Hopefully the bossfight at the end isnt TOO terrible.. lol..
This is so cool! Either, this is still unique! :)
This just became my most downloaded and liked level of all time. Thx so much for all the support!!
swaggest
nice
Really Cool
COOL
10,000 downloads and 1,000 likes already?!?
THIS IS ONE OF THE COOLEST LEVELS I'VE EVER PLAYED. ALSO GG 6 ATT
this song, i love it :D
who is moffe!?!?!!!!????
gg 3000 keys xd
how did the torch survive the rain?
@RedStrikerGD It was, umm.. acid rain..?
@Ancrox115 Yeah I did too, unfortunately most other people thought it was annoying gameplay :/
fails at 92% and 94% lel
Yay first feature! Congrats!
really nice arts , good work brother! Sent ;)
THIS LEVEL NEEDS WAAAAAAAAAY MORE ATTENTION!!!
Phenomenal designs and backgrounds!
WOW!
omg it got featured thanks to all the mods who sent
Felt like more of an 8*, but great level anyways!
Very well done! Looking forward to see more!
nice bought level lol
lesgo died at the funny number
aus
gg 9 attempts 1 coin
lags a bit, but gameplay is fun, block design and bg  are awesome. only thing is the blue orb fake is overused
GG! i love this level :3
fiverr XD
definitely awesome but the world seems too industrial for such a sweet piano song
@Sefriel me either, but it looks nice!
i do feel like it needs juts one thing               a feature
Thats Nice!
pretty cool anyways
cant believe pocke would spell my name wronf..
like for aloe vera
Like for Extreme Demon, Dislike for Insane Demon
first send 
wear sunscreen next time
Me when the sun is burnt, idk, never played it
GG! First victor! Thank you so much for letting me playtest, the level turned out amazing!
annoying ship, but otherwise awesome level :)
get a suntan from this sun, dan
its like a playable version of rust
everybody loves a solo extreme
hot level
yeeee
pocke extreme demon  POCKE EXTREME DEMON
/\__________________/\/\/\________________/\/\/\
to whoever made 44-46 go back to las vegas we dont want lottery machines here
why this insane demon :( this is entry extreme imo
I love it! probably my new favorite extreme
It be like that sometimes
sunburn by xyuns & more
auguscik
As I comment this, this level has 2021 downloads. :)
why every insane 9 that i play is a demon? literally toe 2 is easier
pretty wiggity whack, jack.
wow this ship part is hard, prolly the reason y the whole lvl got 9 stars. huge difficulty spike
really unbalanced gameplay
GG!! 665 Jumps, 50 Attempts! If this level doesn't get Demon, Probably the Worst Insane level..
*insert "rob drunk while rating levels again" comment here*
please dont make any more levels
harder than toe2 lmao
no epic? rop top dawn?!!!!!?!
chujowe giownoi nie polecam
boy it's september lol
dobra ludzie nie stekac ze to unbalanced zrozumcie ze to auguscik
if i could go back to update 1.0 i would show everyone this level
September 6th
Ok, this is a demon, not 9*.
nah, this a demon
was sick...so...september
Janucha's part alone is harder than many Medium Demons out there... don't get it why this is 9 stars
W A V E  P A R T  W A S  C O O L
wish this was longer, otherwise really cool, sent for rate
no wave gameplay smh, clickbait at its finest
hey mommy when can i play minecraft
roses are red, i hope to beat shatter, wave might be fast, but elmo is faster
Like For if You Want 2.2 This Week
I THOGHT THE SONG SAID SPIDER BALLS LOL
nifty
"Wave Is Fast" also level: no wave gameplay
Why people complain about her grinding CP, it's literally free stars.
The wave was so fast, it didn't even exist.
Was robtop drunk when rating this? This is easily extreme demon!
50,000 Diamonds, GG! - 28/08/21  :)
Where is the wave?
How is this long enough to get rated?
No wave gameplay? thats clickbait im gd format
Neat effects, love the way they were used. Just wish it was longer :)
that moment when hey mommy when can i play minecraft
36 sec, what?
THATS IT???
One like on this comment and ill scream 2.2 is coming out in school
Nice work :)
50 attempts. #1351
Very skill-based gameplay, I like it!
DanZmen
GG! :)
GG! 32 attempts :)
GG! :)
please reduce that dark flash. I can't see anything
popped off so hard my internet crashed
bruh that's hard demon
people are gonna dislike but sometimes the gameplay is annoying, transitons also kinda bad
my heart rate needs to fking calm down i cant beat a level when my bpm is like 420
sus
drop dead gorgeous would be good 
WHY IS NOW MEDIUM DEMON?!?
how do you even do that
GG Epic!
the person below me has the best gd icon 
gameplay is outstanding! very fun to play :)
1st Coin: Tap Black Orb At 35% 2nd Coin: Activate Trigger At 59% 3rd Coin: Ignore Yellow Orb At 89%
mfw rate worthy levels on the recent tab
the ball part make me confused
its auto lol
Pretty cool, sent to mods.
ratio + weird coin timing
and well where are the comments with like
gg 4 attempts 3 coins
after wave is auto. free coin at end.
I CANT GET THAE COIN? ??
LETS GOOOO!!
i like this level and you decoration and gameplay
a casita
nice dont tuch + one coin
very clean 2 stars level! very fun to watch and play
rate auro i did not tap once
auto level
GG! all coins
Not bad of all!
This is literally auto
El pibe basado:
When you don't have a friend to beat Based Gang with
bug at 74% :(
Deco and Design god, Gameplay very bad
140 att very hard
Estas muy basado
Coin 1: 26% Coin 2:Collect hearts of 41%, 44%, and 47% Coin 3: 89%
Buen nivel hermano!
Este man todo un comediante... Osea Bien Basado xdxd
when the level is based!
GGGGG!!!! <3
nice level :)
my cube enters the portal at 74% upside down and i cant get past without doing some weird bug
^._.^
ta weno
bruh am i the only one who finds this dash orb placement weird af
Aoc
super fun
Idk!
esta hard :0
Some parts require more work as they lack details, but overall is decent. Sent for rate Hard 5
The creeper at 70% made me happy, made me smile :)      nice level
feature! feature! feature!
very cool atmosphere and effects, loving the little meme references. good job, sent to mods
Una Obra maestra, Buen trabajo! :)
salgo en el nivel xd
Some parts are better than others but nice concept. Also add a "S" in 18% dash orb.
feature worthy maybe star rate since the parts arent that interesting
epico mi amigo aunque me debes una decoracion >:3
100% CHAPIN BRO =)
great level, love the design! would send this for 5* feature! :D
GG
Creeper
CRIPER?
Ya era Hora! 
another one, gg
ala se bugea mi celular
Cool Level!
Amazing! but, 25%...
Amazing Work! I wait your first CPs , I like This Level! 
the ship part with the blue and black orbs is a really fun concept!! :D this ia a good 7-8 star
pretty fun actually
xyeta
Sorry for the short ending 
I  thought this would be an easy demon, but ive only seen the first part
this is quite cool! howie mandel likes this level.
gg
Cool ship parts !! 
GG :))
GG!
I hate my finger
GG!
Nice.
G
whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat?
noooo!
bruh -_- gg
wow
gg
gg
IF THIS LEVEL GETS DAILY YALL OWE ME A MEATBALL
LETS TOOOO
gg, 91000 stars :)
are you guys trying to make this the most used song in rated levels or something lmao
Fun Fact! This layout is in 2 different rated levels!
Coins: 23% 58% 93%
i may be stupid
mishy mushy
cool
gg fun to play
Try not to use transparent spikes as an indicator or an arrow since i always confuse it as a spike..
:)
Lets go 4 att:)
gg
funny
Very nice!
you can drink a drink but you cant food a food
this is just as fun as stsootate
Gg! Fun level :3 {Coins 3/3}
i love how this is completely different than alkalis ver of this layout
Awesome effects!
Like if you want 2.2 release tomorrow
this is actually ridiculously good man. 
found in magic
Really cool level, I liked the effects but the gameplay could be a bit better, great work though :)
Sick
rate?
It's not a game, but it is my name.
98,000 stars
like if you from by nexus
Its so fricking good. u just need to fill the empty spaces and make the glow more clean
Like si viniste por NexusGD :)
laggggggggggggg
good level
over decorated shit gameplay thats nowadays levels
I cant tell whats happening
who came from nexus
lag
GG 55 att
Nice level
this community has poor attention span. they think every featured has to be some modern masterpiece
2nd place feature how the hell
why is this featured
pass is 240821, now gimme likes
I LOVE THIS LEVEL
these r some dodgy feature placings ngl
Too empty in my opinion
I'm more concerned of which moderator sent this lol
how is this second place
Why are people with 100 hours in GD arguing what should and shouldn't be featured.
Oh COME ON REALLY
i would suggest staying away from using overly bright glow and 4x speed gp, but not bad otherwise
bad gameplay
This has good gameplay and it isnt over decorated or blinding to play, good level!
COINS: 1st - Change gravity at 30% so you then fall up.  2nd - Collect a hidden key at 46%.
WHAT XD
needs to be daily
2.0 vibes
:)
The ending is really stupid but other than that great level.
why this only  happen to me
Fua, felicidades persel!
Deco: 10/10 Gameplay: 7/10 Transistions: 5/10
"Don't touch here" Me:Where?
Maravilloso
Siento haber visto este nivel ._.
gracias por la dedicacion guapo
cringe level name
2 att :0
last ship is cool
This game is literally MAGIC
this guy got his first cp before he even got 100 stars
gg.
GG
fantastic song and level
amazing
nice level m8
Cool deco!!
.
eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
kirby bossfight
the dual at 72% is extremely bugging and has a rough transition, please fix that >~>
Im intrigued by this style, I quite like it. Nice work :)
Love the colors and abstract designs, sent! :)
WOAH! so cool!
I didn't like that first transition, other than that, really cool level
this level would have been so much better without the dual ngl 
For Michigun /\/\/\
like if u here before rated
GG! :) 58 Attempts! Very fun level and epic music! Fluked 0-100%!
GG 334 attempts, very satisfying level but the ball-cube dual at the end is very inconsistent.
so bad
-anything in the ufo, very unbalanced. Personally didnt enjoy and was annoying
:)
poyo
@Torneix yes i agree to all who said that, i amiliorated the gp for my next lvl (in my yt)
POYO!
cant believe i found this first level on the recent tab lol
Great level, sent to Knots :))
GG 137 attempts, congrats on a demon feature :D Fun gameplay btw!
Do you like apples ? 'cause i don't...
J'aime les fruits. J'aime les pommes ;) Et toi?
I really love the gameplay, it was so fun!
pasteque bien juteuse
salut les francais !
C pas juteux une pomme, un ananas oui
"Juteux" actually means "juicy" in french
Green apples? Nah, but CARAMEL apples, now thats the stuff.
juteux... yummy ce melon me donne envie :o
are you french ? moi aussi.
Jaime bien les fruits juteux moi aussi :)
Super niveau!
1st Coin: Go Up At 51% 2nd Coin: Complete The Level
get why this is featured it's so happy!!!!!
cool encore un titre en francais dommage que jaime aucun fruit 
Vive le francais alors, je savais pas qu'on etait si nombreux
This is literally demon pls help
ah les bonne peche bien juteuse du mardi soir , hum ce sont les meilleurs ...
1K User Coin :D
69...
hehe
monke
;(
gg, saw this level on shaggys stream too
Mono mamadisimo al final xD
How funny
GG top 80 :)
This level is amazing, although a clear indicator on what can kill you would be nice next time!
Very unique, liked the pixel bursts in the 1st UFO part :)
Very cool !
nicee
les go
oh no                                                           MONKE
M O N K E
1000 stars :D
GG bro :)
hehe
1 att
gg
7000 stars
fish leve
Coin 1: Keys of 29% 35% 44% Coin in 48% Coin 2: Down in 64% Coin 3: Free in the end
not bad at all :)
wave part got me anxiety
OH MY GOD 
220821, you are welcome
fsh
"play my levels!" posts are the worst
gg 1 att, that wave was 7 star wave ...
nice atmosphere
Bruh I was not ready for this mini wave but still completed in the first try haha 
I like fish
Love the gameplay and decoration.  Nice work!
nice
GG!
I love the underwater vibe this level is giving. An amazing an relaxed level. Good Work :)
excelente level my bro
Love this design :)
3 coins GG
gg
Gameplay has to be improved. Sent for featured harder 6
Si, estoy practicando esponal so mi comentario en esponal
In what world is this a 5*
GG gameplay is kinda annoying tbh
Muy bonita deco aunque el layout es un poco incomodo
muchos amor baanz
yeah this definitely feels more like a harder
Try to be less repetitive next time but good work after all :)
Nice.. 20k Stars!
gg 63 attempts 1 coin absolutely horrible gameplay
Coin: 10%
i suggest to fix some bugs of the gameplay like the green dash orb around 24% and ufo part on 50%->
so many bugs 
please never create gameplay similar to that of this level ever again.
Deco 10/10   Gameplay 3/10
this could get epic if the gameplay was better
Gucci!
Piola la deco, eso si trata de arreglar algunos bugs en el GP (como el del 8 y 80%). Salu2 ;)
I hate invisble kill planes for bad gameplay
Hikexgod
Decent designs, gets quite empty at the drop.
pretty cool, though the drop needs a bit more refining
Pretty cool, sent :)
No way..
Very Clean
LETS GOOOOOOO GGGGGG LLJ
The drop part felt a bit dull compared to the rest, pretty decent glow usage and gameplay though :)
honestly not bad, but I wish there was more attention to consistency throughout
Nice level! the drop doesn't fit the rest though but I could see it featured! :)
ALREADY OUT???
GG on the rate dude!
this needs to be rated harder
yo this got rated :)
Happy to be part of a featured megacollab! Congrats my dude :)
awesome level
Really well done mega collab. Nice glow usage. (2/2)
mfw i go on a break for 2 days and llj has cp
Pretty cool overall, my favorite part is the first part
this is really cool. i like the colors but it doesnt have much cohesion
gg 77 att (no practice) which is why i think this is a 6 star but very fun :)
this level is ridiculous i love it
i refuse to believe there are 30 chickens in this
Original visually and gameplay-wise.
0% violence, 100% chickens
GG, 1351 attempts!!! definitely recommend finding all chickens without a vid, this was a blast!!! =]
Chickens' hide and seek
I love how this level is taunting usercoin grinders with chickens 
COFFEE, CHEETOS, CHICKEN
woah this is so weird
gg, 34.2k user coins, awesome level :)
Awesome as always, and thank you for letting my playtest this! Maybe I'll get the coins later :eyes:
square at 0% - 100%
duck at 24%
let's goooooo 27 chickens. LOVE IT!!!!! <333
And im happy because i just got to 1k user coins..
LOOK AT ALL THOSE CHICKENS
Weeeird gp
kukareku
are you kidding, theres no way there are 30 chickens in there
sorry but where are my chickens?
how did you make 2.2 mechanics fun in a 2.1 level! really nice! :)
If I were a mod, I would send this!
Good 2.2 recreation :)
Bro these jumb rings are broken.
Mom can we have 2.2 at home?    Mom:We have 2.2 at home      2.2 at home:
For example, all the red orbs dont work unless you hit it late, the gameplay at around 82% is blind
interesting
2.2 in 2.1 is Epic
Nice level
gg 3 coins
<3
nice
nice gameplay tardface
Awesome theme, I like this 
GG All Coins.
For people having problems with the orbs, try hitting them a bit late!
not gg
I ghost tap on half the orbs
rate big ball by wulzy
yooo this is sick!!!
"My Ordinary Life" sounds like a show on Disney Channel.
The worst harder 7* I've ever played
POV: you made a 9 star layout and it got featured 7 stars
                                         LAYOUT
so many bugs :(
I really miss some background or air decoration.
transitions arent great imo, especially the spider to wave to robot part
i can tell you tried making fun gp, but it could be more forgiving in a lot of areas!
gg 44 attempts annoying
easy demon ;)
how tf is this a harder level its literally a demon
very cool. But buggy
Am I the only one who actually enjoyed this..?
stupid transitions,take more effort in your levels
plewse fix bugs 
Where is the sync :(( I was looking forward to tapping along with nichijou ost
16% bug
the transions are such a pain but gg :)
really bad transitions tbh
no thanks
Beautiful... and completely unexpected. Thank you very much for calling it after me! =)
Thank you very much for the support! Idk what to say ahahha
Le transizioni quasi blind madonna Dennys ti tirerei tanti di quei sganasson diahane
Buon lavoro amico mio! 8) This shall be the official start to your creating career! 
che bel giocatoreee
Why is this orb out of nowhere
N-I-C-E!
primo
Welcome to the first cps gang, where anyone get insulted by everyone .3
the last ball and some transitions could be way better
Nice, be careful with the transitionss
Overall, the level has a good style. The endscreen is surprising at the end
h
LES GOO BOYZ RATED AYAYAOOAAIAO
Bello a parte le transizioni un po' EHM
nice blind orb :)
Morce. I love u <3
I loved how I couldnt tell which direction the wave was :)
9 att gg
This is really buggy and has lots of abrupt transitions, but maybe its just me, Im bad at GD :)
This isn't blast processing
The rest of the level: 8*    This ship part: Insane demon. Change my mind.
Have u ever heard of balanced gameplay .. like what is that ship section
This is as inconsistant as chunky peanut buter 2 years past its expiration date
ever heard of balancing?
Top 2, for coin skip the blue orb at 65% and me english is bad, Sorry 
u kidding?
this ship is a shit
This is nice, not a demon imo but a good level for sure!
not everyone plays on 144/240, please balance your ship gameplay
this literally could be 9 stars if the ship was easier
63,000 stars! 23/08/21 ;)
GG! :)
Glad you're finally get a rate, your levels are very enjoyable. :)
when you make an unbalanced part you are being a jerk to the player, dont expect them to shut up 
This is a real purgatory for mobile players, the only hard stuff in this are the ship parts.
I died like freaking 10 times at the asymetrical cube duals tho, quite a difficulty spike
the ship is unbalanced
bad dual
yea the ship part is hard 
this is so rare for a recent tab level
this song is absolutely groovin
i wish more levels would use wacky songs like this, makes the level a lot more engaging to play :)
I took the level down without realising
just...perfect
love the song <3
when you beat the level before the song downloads
this is really fun
Me who is just waiting for lemons to comment on this level.
hold at the begining to start as cube
one of the best reverse gravity transitions ever
1 att last level of the day good night world
this is so good! needs a feature!
Lemons are sweet xD
Whacky (in a good way) song and some of the most fun gameplay i have ever seen
Wtf this song is G R O O V Y Y Y
Lemon
like if you like lemon
Today on How It's Made: Lemons
gg! tremenda cancion
Verified by Kier ._.
for the first time in history, the magic tab hasn't let  me down!
kodex dont make an 8* challenge
i beat rust?
88.000 estrellas :)
deez ruts
GG! 111.111 stars :)
Gameplay, colors, designs and effects are pretty cool! Good job :)
awesome :)
gg, nice :)
rust 2
should be Insane 9
.______________________________________________________________________________.
gg kodex on your first insane rate !1!1!1!1!1!1!1!1!2!3!94^90@
:)
bro the sync to the first ball part was sexy; alhtough u can skip the orbs and pads at 60 ufo
I beat Rust!! My new hardest OMG!!!
nuts
Cool colors, nice gameplay. And design is pretty nice!
who is here before feature
She knows she gets away with tax fraud
this level reeks of homophobia
This level sucks at being bad
Anyone else recognise this music because its off pyrocynical's old outro
For coin get collectables in wave at 74% and 81%, coin is at 88%
Nice job. :)
that spinning logo at the end looks smooth af
solo epic!!!
hot
get off the acid
one of my favoeite creators used one of my favorite songs, thankuuuuuu
Welcome to another episode of "this level feels like drugs" featuring the Awarded Levels Page.
Lol I never knew this song is on newgrounds
I felt this vibe of 90s. Very amazing level for me. 
I love this
this entire comment section boils down to like 4 things
hold on, im going to get my weed
GG 600 User Coins!
WAIT THIS IS ON NG???
The deez nuts on your chin
To get coin: at 13%, do a backflip, walk 4 paces north, spin, and the coin will be under your bed.
theres no minecraft steve ive been scammed
sent to mods :)
if stereo madness was released today, it would be rated hard
to get the coin, you jump before the pad at 34% and you constantly do straigthfly and coin :D
i beat minecraft steve
If we actually died at the end, we would all be frustrated.
simple, yet really clean, well done :)
gg, 34.1k user coins
*classic Minecraft hurt sound*
discord light theme be like:
Impossible coin
herobrine sighting
like if you came here thinking its real minecraft steve
Y Steve?? Compa, no te confunda con esa e
GG
this coin route took me a 20 mins to get.. (without getting a apologized from fun challenge)
last part scared the steve out of me
GG
how to coin
This is incredibly cool, such creative use of block transition effects and colors.
omg..am i the wax too
really original, the end got me at first
that last effect is sick
I really like this especially the end :)
literal love
destruction is always good
cool
GG! 10000 star
sweee
really nice gameplay with cool and unique effects. Great job!
wow. amazing.
wow, the effects are really amazing
These block effects are top notch, very well done :)
H O W
GG cool effects
2 atts super cool
really cool ending
gg
awesome
epic daily fail
watch this not be daily
im not begging for daily, the name's a joke since i get daily a lot lmao
hi daily chat
oh well
epic daily fail
imagine if rob did a bit of trolling and did not make this daily
epic daily fail
the philosophy that you can't criticize things without being on the same level of skill is nonsense
bunch ur cool but asking for daily isnt lol
ig daily begging is a thing now
epic daily fail
epic daily fail
credd & nemsy style = daily
really fun, great job on this owo
ok so there's a key around 90% and thats how you unlock the coin at the end you're welcome
epic daily fail
stop
epic daily fail
epic daily fail
1000-7
Good level but not an easy demon. Dont know what you guys are thinking
Why no epic rating? And this should be a medium demon
WTF? one attempt out of practice LOL
for those saying ez demon, sry but ur too good at this game lmao
Easy demon my butt.
I think this is the most beautiful level in this style. You tried very hard, as always!
This is everything a nine circles level should be. Love this
not easy demon
super fun
another nine circles level EVW has to beat lol
syka,pramo podo mnoy kazdiy Raze napolnen boliy krichat dyshi na Stokgolme Zxc i ti pokoinik
this is not easy demon its fun but definintely medium demon
Easy demon??? This is medium/hard demon.
GG, really fun NC :)
RTXcircles
43 att. very skill based and easy for good players, but deserves hard demon for the majority
GG!!
GG! :)
Metal AF
Guys can I get top comment pleas,,,omg
stars requested: 5
cool + awesome
at 1 percent it says demon but stars requested is 5 and the lvl is 8 star difficulty so im confused
GG! 8 attempts :)
shit
GG 19 attempts! :D
very fun
Amazing! The decoration is really good and the gameplay is nice. Feature worthy in my opinion.
this is ez demon? ._.
25 attempts. pretty fun overall
GG! :)
@RobTop please make this the weekly
Make this weekly cmon
rate Easy Demon
But Im happy :)
great first half, bad second half
13k stars, fakes feel really forced and really annoyed me but the rest of the gp was fine
#1845. goodness
omg
world record
never beat my meat
SEXOOOOOOOOOOOOO
why isnt gang plank hell rated :/
Awesome
gg
justin camp
I died on the easiest part!
your right i will never beat this
Always beat it! Always beat the meat
Idk why but that's a lot easier than the version that I've tried to verify
 i didnt beat it
new world record
this is one hell of an unbalanced level
If it will never be beat, then How Was It Verified? (Game Theory)
the person below me is gay
Evan and Axinity after staying true to the title of this level
EVER KICKED A BABY SEAL?
i will never beat this
ill beat this someday
Epic :)
- RALLY EXCELLENT, THANKS FOR DEDICATION - 
"Nisse II" is up to you! ^w^ Support and enjoy this level.
GG's. 1 Coin. Cool design wise, but game play/transitions weren't clear 80% of the time.
ayy, it's out :)
if this doesnt get epic i will literally eat my hamster
the song reminds me of watching diep.io youtube videos when I was 8 years old lol
FunkyPercy never dissapoints!
GG got the coin and amazing deco :)
hot
nice design but barely readable
AWSOME  BUT UNREADABLE
exelente trabajo gracias por la dedicatoria :)
Rip epic
here before rate/future/epic
La parte de Eptic esta a otro nivel :))
drawing paints is out!!!!
Holy hug this is amazing!
COOL
Nice level! Also 100th like :)
to get poletgeist plus, you must pay an additional $15 fee
like if you got the first coin by accident
Woah
this is the standards for being a good level now? FUCCC ILL NEVER BE GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
Uff que buenas n4lgotas tiene el nivel 
if this gets top comment i will eat my iPad
173,000 Stars, GG! :)
WTF JUSTO LO ACABA DE REVISAR Y NO TENIA EPIC , GRACIAS POR EL APOYO AAAAAA
Fun Fact: In-game "Polargeist" is actually sped up on 1%
Polargeist Pro Max
this is a very nice level, found it on the magic tab
this would make a great daily
How does this bear any resemblance to the original Polargeist
RTX: On
look mom my computer didnt go kaboom
i mean i though polargeist was supposed to represent winter and stuff but i mean this is cool too
If this gets 10 likes I will funk my meisterfish
Someone else came for Nexus?
this is not polargeist
request to MaFFaKa :)
this isnt empty you liar
Like= I Suck        Dislike= You Suck        Ignore= We Suck
144hz bug at 87?
thanks for using my song dude  ! ;)
Click to feature                                                             [here]
hey im saya :D
I was wondering how many people would say: "Not empty"
where is the epic?
gg 5 attempts 3 coins
berZ
Like this comment if you were here before ita rated
Empty    mpty     mpt     mt                ..
its insane from looking at how far you've come since your first rate. keep it up!
LDM.. LAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
lucifent is so good by you and falldownstairs
wow is this empty
If its to hard for you then just admit it, dont blame the GP being to hard lol.
Awesome level! GG on featured! :)
bruh i cant say godd*mn lol, haha bad word
Thank you all <3
not funny didnt laugh
see it's funny because the name is "sugoma dik" backwards now I will take my feature
good level bad name
hey robtop can you spell the name of this level backwards?
level names like these is the reason we cant have good things
LMAOOO KID AMOGUS (im bein held at gunpoint to say this please help me)
i refuse to belive i sat down and genuinely enjoyed a level called kid amogus. i refuse.
every 10 year old ever -
1 like for geometry dash 1 dislike for amongus and fortnite
amogus: noo don't turn me into an oversimplified logo! haha end art go brr
stop
The title of the level makes me question the community
YES. JUST HARDER THAN THE NORMAL ROUTE, BUT NOT RIDICULOUSLY HARD. This is a good coin
the title is socially distancing
this says alot about industrial society and its future
hahahahahah kid amogus backwards hahahahaha why is no one laughing
sugoma dik....supose to be funny?
theres a gap in the name cuz the songs name is distance lol
Hey you, spell "kid amogus" backwards. :troll:
say the title backwards to a girl
That spider part is good
+For 3 years, I was so happy to finish it that the ending should have been better.Enjoy =)
people who give free coins at the end of levels have an automatic seat in heaven
password : 985101 like :)
Fun level, however the 90% invisible hazard blows
69 likes nobody change it lol kidding like it
Coins ;)
idk why the dash orb with 'old' next to it cracked me up
i love when the first 35% of the level is a slow boring ship hbu?
GG!!! Increible
guys
Nice
jaja me cai al final,wtf esos pinchos xd
GG 3 coins :)
Welcome back! I missed you :)
?
GG 6 attempts all coins :)
GG!! all Coins =)
first coin is hard but ok :')
ta bien
Yaaaay! Thanks for the feature! :3
GG 31k stars :)
gg 47,000 stars
Good level a bit too bright but overall it is nice good work! <3
staraararara
GG All Coins Finally. For 2nd Coin: Don't tap the green orb at 45%.
This has such a 2.0 feeling! Nicely made.
gg
I hate this stupid level Llll
too simple, but cool 2.0 vibes
Cool uwu
nice
gg :)
7k stars <33333
GG!! This is Awesome :o
gg 3 coins
GG buen nivel
gg
GG
GG!
1 coins , 10% | 2 coins , 28% | 3 coins 53% | like please :)
like if you accidentally got the first coin
great level but bad dedication x)
quickly pushed an update out to remove the random ground in the last ship.
Coins are at 10% 29% and 52% Thank me later
Coins: Jump at 10%, Go up at 28%, tap at 52 or 53% in spider mode 
3 att because of spike looking decoration
Like if you find first coin
Like si saltaste con la decoracion que parecen pinchos
amazing lvl but where are the coins?
2500 Stars
pass?
amazing level!
Featured :D
a
Your Level This Is A Number Thousand Of Normal Levels Rate :DDD
800 stars
Yo vine por liax
*yEs* *ThIs Is ThE bEaT* *Im MaD At AlDi CoS tHeReS nO cHeEsE tO eAt* *I lAsT cHeCkEd WeDnEsLeYdAlE*
x)
does anyone else just spend 1 attempt on a level and never play it again
First Coin: Dont tap the green orb at 13%, last coin: E
and here comes the cringe daily chat
If this gets over 100 likes, Ill stop posting comments f o r e v e r
fortine sucks!1!1 now wheres my dislikes?
DDoS blocked. Carry on
EL QUE ESTE LEYENDO ESTO ES UN CRACK!
As a duck, I approve that this is what happens when we quack
How is everyone today? I've been sick for past 3 days. Please pray for me.
why is low detail mode still super laggy right off the bat?
2.2 = 222 likes
Thank you for using my music, looks great guys thank you so much. :D
go away nine year olds
QUACK GANG WE WILL BE KNOWN LMAOOOO
Dislike if I'm a good chatter
Harder my ass
just in case no one has told u, you are AMAZING! and let no one tell you otherwise
the word "impostor" doesn't even sound like a real word anymore
LETS GOO
if this comment gets 15 likes i will quit gd
Things seem to be working smoother now. Gonna start troubleshooting save/load
$ZNE to the moon
Anyone with problems try save/load now
GG! 120.000 Diamonds! 19/08/2021 :)
Are you Neil Armstrong?
Love the movements and gameplay :o
RobTop do you listen to kids yelling? Yes, its called Daily Chat.
I sent this before Jamerry
Servers are having problems but working on it. Expect some lag/downtime
This Dank guy is everywhere. Someone pls help
Daily Chat is the answer to why we cant have nice things
hope this gets epic, so cool
Trump did the best old town road remix what u guys talkin about
password :001989
sorry ddos. back xD
apple could release an iphone that is crap and millions of people would still buy it
Great work, fire end art as well 
can i get top comment (impossible there is a balloon)
To The Sun
thanks Rob! for 2.2 and this
#kriszformod
Cool :3
nice colors :)
i love the color combos
Neat!
Kinda cool :)
Bangin'
Looking good! Rate worthly! :)
Nagyon kiraly ;)
Wow! This Got Featured! Great Job! 
R   E   L   A   X
i say epic rate
blessing deez nuts
like if krisz should be mod
Fixed a bug which would kill you at 94%
really good colors
the 3rd coin is actually genius! GG
Like if you here before feature :)
Who else thinks this shoul be epic?
ooh it got rated gg
Brazil
I hate inverted gravity wave
good level but I am starting to get a bit bored from seeing the same deco again and again
i like the abundance of movements and special effects
Yesss fsh going spin
dont worry the fish is fine
That fish at the end created a mini hurricane
How to add bad gameplay: Add an upside down wave section
 
There is an up-side-down wave and I got the cursed number
69
haha funny number
Normally "going ham" is a compliment... but with Nemsy's style, it's the exact opposite. Sorry :(
3k stars
aaaaaaaanother banger, you seriously dont know how to make bad levels whattt
Intensity is great, prolly the best ive seen from you. Its still the exact same stuff as always tho.
funny fish at the end
GG! SUPER GOOD LEVEL
Cool :)
gg good gameplay :)
how to ruin a level: "upcoming bossfight..."
why the random invisible UFO portal at 61??
GG!!
pudiste hacerlo mucho mejor
terrible gameplay the worst ive seen in a while
Se te da mejor el modern
invisible ufo portal and bug at 83%
im really happy that u was inspired by me! very good job:D
no comments..
Asco de gameplay
I think the gameplay sucks :/
GG
pretty neat. really empty in parts though. the gameplay is a little wack as well. work on that! :)
GGGGGG CARAJO!!!!! AAAAAAAAA :'D
Otro Dasher Venezolano :D
Casi nunca veo a creadores venezolanos, me gusta ver que uno al menos consiga su featured :)
Do 1.9 rates
SEGUNDO FEATURED!!! FELICIDADES AMIGO! :)
gg
GG 33k estrellas
very pretty, good work!
its a good thing *proceds to show the most smooth level ive ever seen*
smooth
omg I love it, amazing work!
Teach me oh great one
anybody else get an anxiety attack before the drop and just start spamming hoping to get somewhere
If you beaten this lvl, youve done a goodthing.
tz does a little trolling
Yo epi;c
Holy hell this is good
Fun Fact: You did not see this comment on the top comments section.
funny number now you must like
i could play this all day its so good
You keep surprising me with your smooth execution of everything | Awesome level 8)
tysm for using this song
GG! This level isnt a good thing, its a great thing!
gg 2 atts!
First attempt?! I was literally zoned out for most of it and then "I beat it?!"
Fun gameplay, Great song, Sight-readable but not too easy. An amazing level that is super enjoyable!
goodthing? more like... godthing!
bro
AMAZING!!! :D☆
meh
damn he just made a feature worthy level in 2 hours while i made a bad layout in 5 days
dotto
wulzy can never escape from the ball gang
0 downloads and 0 likes, huh.
no indicator
if i get 10 likes i will eat my bag
wulzy i swear the better your levels get the worse the names get
mod privilege be like:
this is pretty impressive for 2 hours, nice atmosphere
la 2.2 ya viene :0
"tiktok bad" ok I now expect elder mod, 27272772 likes, and 69 scholarships to Shrek's University
finally i have an excuse to comment on a wulzy level (for context read my name)
he done better in 2 hours than i can in a week
make wwooaahh wwooaahh wwooaahh
still can't believe big ball was never rated
LIKE if u like robtop
PSA: just because a famous creator makes a level doesn't mean that it is feature worthy.
Keep this at 0 likes. Like this comment so everyone can see.
50 likes and i tell my mom im gay
RobTop: 2.2 sneak peak.       Also RobTop: *Adds one block to editor and calls it 2.2*
Like if 2.2 will be released soon!
0 downloads 0 likes
That's pretty fun even though it's too timing-based for Insane.
this is cool
Insane?
that was so unfun and fun at the same time, i guess the deco made up for it
stargrinders when they have to practice a level for 5 seconds:
Nice level, loved the gameplay honestly!
Surprisingly fun for a memory level
My favorite level to come out of this medium thing
really really cool
Dont play his levels you good person
0 Like 0 Download...Servers down for a very long time yesterday...Sneak peek..Well we drew nearer
cool level but a bit of gameplay is awkward but still awsome lvl
h
This is an easy demon. :o
good level
really cool!!! 
coin: hold jump at the start. the coin will appear at the end of the first part
nice but it could have more structures/variety
Extremely clean and fun work. Keep making bangers!
JAJA ME ENCANTO EL NIVEL UwY
Whi else thinks 2.2 is going to be fun?
wow
Wow, I absolutely love your levels. Keep it up!
This level remined me that good gameplay 4 stars exist
i have a feeling this will be daliy....
this need rate
cute little level, I like it 
this is so good wtf
i never get tired of these adventure levels =)
Looks like bowser jrs airship from Super Mario Bros Wii
kira we need more
GG si es bueno ;)
Dios,Que bello
Merecido ese cp! 
lol i love the song
NO WAYYYYYYYYY ewftiyduvgshmbjng
spectacular gameplay and song choice!! :'D
fun :0
the song is so cool and nice gameplay :O
guess thats my name
omg level has 60 downloads and its rated wow 
what a good level! :)
i love the gp
pass 727272
split
fun!
GG! :)
96 x5 , 97 x4 :)
downloads are lying
just a consistent click will do the job
BEST MUSIC!
I love this song! and the gameplay is so satisfying :)
super fun and satisfying to play
Spider
ggg
Love it
It's called 'Books' because the wave part is hard to read.
Like This Commet If you Saw the 2.2 Sneak peak
what the absolute hell
Absolutely Awful The Wave Is Impossible To Sight Read
Why cant you just make the wave part normal? Dislike for me
like for the egg gauntlet
not a fan of the gameplay. amazing deco tho.
wave part is confusing :flushed:
Roses are red violets are blue like and rob will release 2.2
Books Are Bored But Comics 10/10
Like for geometry dash Dislike for books XD
Wave is annoying, otherwise cool
worst level i ever played
72.880eme stars
GG! 7 Attempts & 24.4k stars :D
I think this level is very enjoyable ':|
gg
Nice level
there is no book but nice level tbh
thanks for using my song
AYO, I'm in this level
THX ROB 16/08/21 MY FASTEST RATE
miss the blue orb at the ufo during ionns part and beat the level from there then you get 2nd coin.
GG! :) 1 Attempt! 38300 User Coins! Fun level!
R.i.p Servers
still waiting for a solo lol
ionn being carried again and getting away with cps yet again, great
1 COIN!
Congrats on another feature!!
no.
 
Re piola, Top #20
Hermoso nivel esto deberia ser epic :)
Coin 2: Don't tap the blue orb at 76%
this is a cool level defenitly should get rated
.............
some comment thing idk
did a lil coin update and added a few extra stuff
YAY, first collab I'm in that got rated (if I don't count mine)
quid68954002663
Really cool!
first clear ?
I LOVEEEEEEEE IT72875892758295
you really did make that funny spinning wheel spin
Quid?
You forgot us ALL this creator is quid, he just changed name 
please fix the 95% dash orb bug!
no matter how hard this lvl is, I think we can all agree how creative and original quid is
super cool looking
This level is awesome
This level is like an onion...
my new favorite insane demon  ;)
added more ldm if you still lag somewhere tell me where so i know where to adjust
like if you went to the most recent demon level because you were bored
Can you please start optimizing your levels
would try this if 95 wasnt bugged for me
Man I would love to beat this level but you need a 3000$ graphics card to play this
"L A Y E R S"-shreck
is it just me or is this level more of an extreme demon
Password: 123580. Like if i help you :)
GG! :)
any body else here from nexus?
quien mas viene por nexus xd
like if you play JSAB
like if you from nexus's video)
Whos here from nexus? like if yes! :D
if you played just shapes and beats before you will understand this level
nexus[GD] was here
I love jsab so much this level is awesome
GG! 134 attempts, I think the GP variation helps the enjoyability a lot :)
just shapes and beats reference :^)
GG my first Demon
quien biene por nexus jeje 
like if you came from nexus GD
Vine por nexus jsjsjsjsjsjsj quien mas?
My level favorite ;)
like si vienes por parte de Nexus
99th demon GG :D
jsab!
pretty fun :)
I LOVE ITTTTT
this is my favorite level from you, not sure why i died here though
Like if Jesus loves you
this is so cool wave youre literally awesome
WHY THIS IS NO EPIC?!?!?!???
SMOL
ufo part was super annoying :(
2.2 release date: October 14th
yep bad gameplay
GG!
w h y
it's a fake date
Reminds me of Jayuff. Awesome!
GG! :)
7.5/10 gp, 9/10 deco, 3.25/10 ufo
Good level, good music, good decor, but the gameplay takes a lot of practice...the final part sucks
GG!
how do you pass 98
Well done :)
ending is quite rushed but i like this
Noice
GG 5500 stars!
nice
good!
=(
1st coin: doble jump at "enjoy" in the beggining.
30k 
GGGGGGGGGGG
NIce level :)
GG!! =)
GG!
gg :3
lets go
ah yes invisible slow down before orb so you jump over it
Excel3nt d3co 4nd g4m3pl4y
gg
Yooo second featured,GG!
Yooo congrats man :))
Thanks for coins and for this cool lvl :)
this level is a little hard 
Finally it's out, glad I could help verify this amazing level :)
I fluked it from 59 WTF???? FIRST VICTOR LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOO
The Chroma series is probably the best series of levels.
awesome level!!!!!!! really looking forward to what you make next!!!!!!
oh yeah yeah
YES LETS GO!!!! gg 3000 attempts  
didnt chroma II come out like a second ago
rebeat gg
yay, 1%
GOOGLE CHROMA FINALE
gg
Corona Finale? Covid is over?
IM a PRO LoL
My computer learned how to fry ann egg thanks to this level :)
thank you gd for letting me beat this without a lagspike
clear
gg
aight this is the best I can do, cheers.
GG
Im getting old? :Pikathink:
Happy Bday Comi! another person on the 17 y/o gang lmao
Happy B-Day :)
This level deserves a much higher number of downloads
BRO HAPPY BIRTHDAY THIS LEVEL IS AMAZING great job!!!!
comically large birthday
This level is incredible and feels so smooth and enjoyable to play, amazing job.
Fun gameplay :)
por un poco y no aguanta mi movil gg
I really liked the effects in this level, but I find the gameplay not quite playable! :)
fun !
72.212eme stars
I like it! But i think its 8 stars.
#32
nice level :)
happy birthday btw this level is better than amazing!!
you are comically underrated
cool
YOOOO RATE
gg
I think the difficulty could be different, but it's nice great job :)
28k stars :)
this is neat! way too harder for 4 stars tho
super cool, good job.
Thats Cool!
Cool level, Like this gameplay
love this deco
khe?!
ye
street commander
i love your style
good level :)
gg
Anya ti russkaya??
amazing
:(
GG! :)
GG 9 attempts good level :)
gg 12 attempts
G
[insert egg joke]
my most eggcelent level
where's the bacon
im the biggest alkali fanboy
cracking level
was gonna comment something funny but i couldnt think of a yolk
i cracked up building this
Petition to make Rob add "Hard-Boiled" difficulty for this level
another Alkali BANGER, thank you iron gang awesome level
GGE :)
eg
coool lvl (pretend i have a gd mod badge beside my name and like)
egg puns are bad.         im jus yolking, i love them!
this should get eggpic :sunglasses:
eggman
omelette
eggtreme demon
part of a balanced breakfast
comment marked as egg.                                     [fry]
This is awesome
my name is at the end therefore i must be top comment, i love this logic it works so well :)
This is pretty cool!!
hot take: this song is better than Hexagon Force
NO WAY OMGGGGGGGGGG
Congrats on first rated level!
FIRST FIRST FIRST FRST
how am i still top comment, im just waiting for like heda or smth
q
Nice
Maybe it's the way you're dressed
w o a h. And the fact that this is on the recent tab makes it even more  w o a h.
Happy for you that you finally got a rate, and thank you for the dedication of this masterpiece!
gg drift :)
GG Finally.
what have you been           doing
like if u saw the hidden bruh moment
OH MY GOD YOU ACTUALLY MADE SIGHT READABLE GAMEPLAY I FEEL LIKE A PROUD FATHER
gg feature worthy :)
gg 1 attempt good level!
GG, 42K stars. :)
How dare you
guys why isnt practice music hack working
third comment pog
you didnt have to call him that...
how much do you want to bet that if someone else made this is would not get rated
first comment pog
GG geometry
why is this rated
this gameplay kinda shit ngl
LOL THE The Challenge EASTER EGG AT THE END LOL
Nice challenge for this "RobTop" person, not too sure who that is
sus song name
also, i see a lot of people complaining about the gameplay, lmk what i need to fix and i'll fix it!
Roberto pala
dont worry rob, i already did it for you
harder than 5 stars 
second comment pog
fourth comment pog
I fixed the secret way, funny thing is it didn't even work on 360 haha, at least in my testing
pass: 081121, like so others can see!
I was an accident too
my epileptic friend loved it so much hes breakdancing!
This is the level that I
i wish more expressionist stuff did things like this level. executed perfectly
hot take: this levels gamplay is annoying and inconsistent, and the balancing is awful
I love rwain
Fun fact: 40% of this level is free (starts at 12%, ends at 72%)
Too easy for medium demon and it ends at 72% so i don't see why its medium.
poor balancing, 35 is free, the ship and the second cube are so annoying and hard compared to 0-35
1. not a medium demon 2. very short 3. the black orb part is SO annoying
Pretty interesting decoration and gameplay. GGs first victor
bruh half the levels just a dash orb
delete this level
I am "98%" sure that there is no one more stupid than me
Honestly, id argue this 9 stars
8======D
LDM update
nelis gay
absolute garbage gameplay
gameplay is extremely bad and annoying. 
like this if tiktok sucks
love the simplicity of this
filler or not, your gameplay is always top notch.
i feel like as you get better, you'll become a very appreciated creator. cool stuff
bro this is FIRE
I love how you can make a level so simple so amazing. Great job and keep going!!!!
coin at 84%, go down at the wave portal
Really clean and cool looking, but the sky part was a bit laggy tbh
how can you call this filler? it has the quality of a non filler level!
great job!
pro tip: just lay on the ground the entire time at the last wave
reminds me of jayuff :)
totally not overused song
4/5 * and gg 1 attempts
speed of light and AT THE speed of light
lol
bruh
feels a bit like a jayuff level, really cool !
GG (1 coin) :D
awesome just as always, but i would fix weird foreground parallax at the beginning
Cancer gameplay, zero visibility, not worthy of feature, nice one Rob
I get that this is old, but why is this featured? Im not hating on the level, looks messy thats all
Worst featured level ever
I'm sorry if this is harsh, but honestly, if anyone else uploaded this it would stay unrated
wow this is bad lmfao
can't see sh*t
flashbacks to a few days ago when sparks said mod bias didn't exist
level is bs. Some mods seem to have quite the advantage in getting their own lvels to rob. :/
who else is here for the aplication :D
This "featured" level was just straight-up terrible. IDEK why I decided to 100% this.
Like if you came from the mod application (I applied)!   ;)
To all who tried the Mod App, I wish you good luck so that some future get it    uwu
What was Rub smoking when he decided to feature this level.
I hate to say it but if this was by an unknown creator it wouldnt be considered for a rate.
i hate you
95,000 stars
i dont care how many dislikes i get, but this level is bad 
this is very bad
Well at least even the title's aware of one of the level's issues lol
My eyess
THIS IS AWESOME
crocle (singular)
This is really cool
haven't seen a good nc level in a while good job
i got crocced by the circles of Crocles by croco
peter feo
i bet you'll get nomitated for Best Effect Creator in GD 2021 Awards
like if tiktok sucks
so sick
this is STUNNING
Why do I hear yoshi?
Awezome
i really like this one, especially at the drop
cool!
wat iu nou abaut roling daun in de dip uen iour brain gous naumb iu can col dat mental fris
gg 29,1k =)
desert bus iii when???
el nivel mas raro que he visto
Nine crocs
first nine circles level to be actually readable
why do people uncheck speed portals it makes practice mode so annoying
69 attempts less than smiffy therefore i am the better british player
one point nine to the moon!!!
GG! :)
GG! 253 attempts, I played really poorly but I still beat it, very good level :)
thats me
pass is 696969 :vomit:
gg and shut up arb your opinion does not matter
beat earlier
wait i was going to use this song for a demon collab lmao
9.1
like this commet if you hate this commet
It's funny how Yendis thought this could be a hard demon
EXTREME DEMON!!!!!
GG, 33 attempts :)
like if your exited for 2.2
short demon, good demon : )
probably an easy insane demon
1.9????
fluke from 34...
twisterdude but remove the s
sweet
??????????????????????????????????
very cool level!!!!! third victor =]]]
ayy
we got twisterdude, where is jengadude or unodude?
extremes should give more stars than easy demons
i feel like barely anyone knows this: the colors in the second part are randomized
gg first victor
"I bet you havent seen Grass Today outside"
gg
GG :)
yep ive never seen the P R E T T Y  G R A S S  O U T S I D E  T O D A Y
after 94*2 95*3 96*2 97*1 I finally beat this
GG, got pretty lucky at the wave parts.
rob doesnt rate demon difficulties, he lets the community do that (as well as mods)
GG!
gg
Ok
gg 2nd victor
mrspaghetti is first again
omg this song
Yo this gameplay is FIRE!!!
Ok I 1 attempted it ouside the daily lol
self proclaimed "free thinkers" when they get mad when mods comment
i like the default ball tbh but the one that I have is the best one imo. thats my opinion on balls
code red da suspect
have a nice day everyone and enjoy this awesome daily! :)
Im Pe'er cause im bri'ish
Hi Charaa!
what is that cursed wave 0_0
first try. GG!
geometry da-  DA DA DA DA DA DAAAAAA *c le explota un pulmon y muere*
if you watch Beluga like >>> lets see how many people watch him
I need to tell you the story of The Muffin Man.
donda
first coin is on 8% Second coin is on 78% third coin is on 98% give me a like
@opythegever take this ratio
G I M M I E  T H E  L O O T (Like to give him the loot)
Despite the fact that your comments aren't bad rn, it'd be wiser to change this topic about racism to prevent problems. 
Great atmosphere, gg :)
Great level! there are still more stuff to improve though (such as block design, balancing, etc)
Like for By Day By Night  Dislike for The Lost Existence
GG I like it
i've read all of your comments, and now the level has ULDM! :D tested by a mobile player!
Nice work :)
WHAAAAAAAA
please send me a message on my gd account if you want me to fix anything else!
this level is really good what the heck
THANK YOU SO MUCH! FOR 1000 LIKES! :DD
FLUKEEEE GGGGGGG
GG :D
GG :D Magnifico nivel Vico
Que locura :O
If u want this featured, u know what to do -------------->
Like:By Day By Night    Dislike:Dream Travel
FIXED! No more secret ways!
DONT YOU DARE LOOK AT MY PERCENTAGE
THANKS FOR THE DEDICATION! :D
Dream Travel, but better optimized
why yall commenting "gg 1 att" it's just a 2* lvl lol
whos disliking all the comments bruh
thanks vortrox for sending this btw
Thx for dedicating a level for me. Dont rate this
Like si estas vivo
Anyone else dies because easy levels have so much auto parts that you forgot it wasnt an auto level?
first extreme demon complete 
you dont need to tap during ufo, wave , and ship at all :D
rob rate this 3 stars to troll newd
@seanlikecars yeah that's how you make 2*'s these days
Cool simple modern level, needs rate :*
like a pro
the level seems good
me gusta y no tarde mucho en pasarmelo :)
:)
gg 1000 att
This lvl...for me?!
i found a way to die at 90 lol
GG 10k stars 11/8/2021.
Im stupid. HELP
Bizaare helped with some gp, rate 8*
I hear this song once and it is stuck in my head for the rest of time.
great gameplay
99k stars
gg, 33.9k user coins
13 years of fun, hf doggo :)
Those were some sexy duals :flushed:
2 coins pe
underrated creator
bruh the ID ends with 445 lmao
hi there random person scrolling through the comments!
first coin was bugged on 240, but that was the only issue I had. Very nice work kodex :)
like if you found the first coin by accident
:)
its so fun
Bro this level is FIRE!!
:))))
...
kodez nutz fit in your mouth
who else got first coin by accident
Well well well what have we here, dailllyyyyy styleeeuuuu?
"tiktok sucks!!!11 so does fortnite!!!!11" guys i said the magic words why am i not top comment? :(
Dai(ly-sty)le
Pretty cool, but not 8* in my opinion. :)
like if you like the like of the like
the funniest joke i ever heard is "new daily level in: 23:59:58"
the gd community is even worse than the phub discord
GG! 149.000 Stars! 11/08/2021 :)
stop saying "________ could say [something offensive] and get top comment" its so repetitive
i wonder if a real pilot would be good at straight fly
RobTop asks us to "Like and Dislike levels to unlock stuff" hes the real likebegger
Quedo piola xd
youtube ripping off tiktok with the youtube shorts things
gUyS likE tHiS CoMmeNT tO GEt frEE rObUx!!!11!1!1!!
If this gets top comment I will do absolutely nothing because likes are just popularity currency
SANTA VS. SHREK, THE FINAL SHOWDOWN AT 3.AM
Hi daily chat :DD! Que feliz me siento de ver algo que cree con un amigo en daily :)!!
like this if geometry dash is better than fortnite
like if im not funny
Can u plz play my new lvl? You dont have to, just askin. ok gimme dislikes
FKIN AMAZING THIS NEEDS RATING
this is going to get featured pretty fast. Well, I hope so
The gameplay is very fun, the decoration and designs are clean, it is very good :0
Hermoso nivel <3
very cool good job bro :)
Nice, but the fact that some decoration look like spike in the first part can be confusing
tu que haces en magic 
omg
Facil, simple y hermoso
nice anime art at the end
Esta perfecto! owo
Gracias por inspirarme a crear otro nivel <3
it would be inapropiate from rub to not rate the level...
Impressive!
Banca que estoy digiriendo el nivel deaaaa que buen cartelote de gede :amogus:
GG
Hermosowo <3
Congrats on the rate! I was hoping this would get rated :)
lol i jumped at 97% and still didn't die
Geometry *Crash*
clearly not send bro
Name doesn't check out :(
You tried to give us three free coins, respect
visually appealing, but annoying gameplay and unnecessary 10% endscreen
OMGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG finally cp loooooooooooooool
Seeing a level at this quality with my song is super cool. Thanks guys and great work! :D
Sent to mods
GG! 21 attempts :)
Stretched to a minute with white screen and free coins, great
the part is 74% empty, add something to bd and... what happened to the gameplay in my part?
congrats on your first CP :D
Pretty neat :)
finally some cp to the one who deserves it
that's cool and stuff but.... what is that endscreen?
a mod: "im sorry your level is bad, no send" robtop: "aight imma rate it"
GG! :)
GG! really nice colors
rerated to demon and no longer verified coins, don't update to free coins plz or they get unverified
i watched classic 10 vid
bang bang bang
nice and clean
Credits to ImKalium for teaching me how to use a spawn trigger, I appreciated it and needed it
your best
(Note: I didn't actually steal RNBW's player colours)
This is honestly your best work. I love it!
Hope you get epic, its really cool!
please do first cp rates 
wow
gg 24 att 2k stars
GG All Coins.
nice
Hard 5 stars    GG!
h
...
g
32331 stars.
#108
es 4 att
bad coins Jejehshsh
gg
Awesome work
I made a part in this level so therefor you are obliged to like this comment. Definitely do it now;)
Proud to finally have this level finished! Great work guys :)
You guys did a really great job on this. :fire:
Lets go!
GG! :)
Fantastic
Pog. Finally this is out. one of the best gd games. Proud of my team
Subscribe to Maxy Ja Kalem Al LANDula (Approved by MaxyLAND and TeamArcade) !!
Boss: Extreme demon. Everything else: Easy Demon
looks like i dont need steam to find games
this is so good, love the effort here
Who needs to buy 100 games when you can just buy Geometry Dash?
cant wait for walk arcade
If you learn the final boss its really easy. GG! My new favorite!
This is insane, great job to you all <3
Like for jump arcade. Dislike for other minigame levels.
this is one of the best levels ive ever seen on gd! too bad im not skilled enough to finish it lol
Smoothest controls for a game level! Amazing work!!!
This was one of the best projects where I worked. Sadly, im taking a rest of GD editor, but this team was doing the impossible to finish this. GG.☆
pan de melon
i tought i can stand on the rails
pan con melon, sandia y mandarina
you will not believe how funny the next rate is going to be
Melon pan, the latest high tech pan that tastes good but does nothiing else.
HI HEDA MOMENTTTTTT
Cafe con pan
Pastel de melon
11k stars
batido de huevo
me gusta el pan con queso,y el melon en batido
:|
Very good :)
melon con potaxio jajaj soy muy gracioso
9.7k stars
GG
GG!
gg
Gucci!
pan=bread in spanish (;
or he could just be dying on a 2 star alot :fire:
Should be 6-7 stars
gg on your first CP :)
GG Both Coins & 46000 Stars.
Like if you came from wulzy
oh my god i hate the green orbs in this level
robtop please give this a rate!!! 
ta weno
Can't believe I made it at the end... Thanks for this extraordinary experience! Peace! GG! <3 8) ;-)
Hermosooo!
WOW nice level underrated
GG!! GP should be more Balanced, But It's fun :)
Impressive!
papu
Nice level!
oops.... nice level though!
80 Intentos y casi me da un infarto :v
spase
GG!:)
gg 3 attempts
dude really? this type of stuff is why i hate creators more and more everyday
lmao yall are acting like youve never seen a fake orb before
Fakes good, makes you think while you play. 97% troll not amazing for player experience. :)
This level is cancer
stop calling the level cancer simply because your little 2.1 brains cant handle a few fakes
I cannot sleep
GG! Coins: 1st Don't jump at 11% and 2nd Super jump at 67%, coin at 76%.
This level makes me want to rip out my vital organs and eat them.
players who joined after 2.0 malding over fake orbs
10 likes and Ill ask my geometry teacher if geometry dash can count as my homework 
if yall hate fakes this much you must have hated this level called back on track
I got a friend request how
this gameplay is pretty fun, reading what orbs kill and dont kill is satisfying, my 2 cents
Amazing Level! Nice Ending.. 8)
like if you hate school
cool fakes except the last one
very good!
id rather jump off a 2500ft cliff than watch fgteev
like if u couldent save/load yesterday
I HATE THIS SO MUCH
One of the best design collabs I've seen for sure, really astonishing energy and color! Amazing job!
SPECTRUM GAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
the time has come to us :)
First
Swag level
very very very very very good wow
i am koolboom  f
Honestly man if this was auto i could probably beat it
DRAGON BLUSHING!!!!!!! I FINALLY DID IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AAAAAAAAAAAA FIRST VICTOR!!!!!!!!!!!!! <3 <3 
Everybody just have a good time
First to send???
i am koolboom
incredible, so glad its finally out
sheesh
every 100% are cheaters 
so hard jaja
POG
ew ryder
Balance update is live! :)
i love spectrum rave
1 attemp, on mobile, in the toilet
first coin is low opacity and tiny during the wave section
I definitely wish that there were some more creative movements throughout, but still nice and simple
Yay! Tysm!!! <3
GG! 1.9K USER COINS
1st coin is at 70%, near the top
free user coins?     YES
cool level
I finally got rewarded for scrolling the recent tab :)
verigod' :)
not every level can be a masterpiece, but this one can
Thx!
8,000 stars gg
GG :).
nice level  <3 happy creation
nice :)
top comments toilet can run mobile games?!
love it!
this is awesome :0
GG! 1 coin
84.371% chance this will get daily.
If this gets daily I will eat all of Robtops chicken
stan orac
Im in love with this
more nemsy deco that looks like everything else nemsy has ever made, crazy
Geoxor Aether! ^w^
Fixed 59%
ahh.. . my fav song..
dont bully the 3D please
orac
824 STARS COLLECTED TODAY GGGGG OFFICIALLY NEW PERSONAL BEST AAAAA
loving the well-indicated and well-synced gameplay
GG buen nivel y hermoso
love this song c:
nemsy si que estuvo regalon al ayudarte xd
congrats
gg, one of my fav songs by far
im 1st on the leaderboard on a featured level lol
GG :)
5 att gg, bugged on 120
Love the clean designs in this, and the cohesion is pretty nice. Good collab :)
can we get top comment because muffins
GG Nicee :)!
This is too easy for a hard demon
Pass is : 566323
Funky Sweet!
I really like this :)
ballistic whitty
GG! 6.000.000 orbs!
medium demon my friend :)
350th demob lets goo pretty fun level
This really deserves epic!
This is a comment. Your welcome
40 attempts. Gameplay flows very well here. #1315
update: improved ldm, fixed two transitions and lowered the flash brightness on the second part =)
Medium demon in my opinion.
GG! 7 attempts :)
GG 33 attempts! :D
GG! :)
Lag = Speed Hack :v
shoutout to the kid who said "how do you have 125 cp and 0 good levels" really awesome comment
its nice to see constructive criticism now instead of "wow you suck at creating" 
I hope you dont stop making levels. Keep enjoying the game, you deserve it :)
How much spin would a spiny spin spin if a spinner spun spin spin?
<3
DANG those effects are EPIC
Dead or Alive would love this level. Anyway, great work! Very fun and very neat :)
how do you have 130 CP and zero bad levels
go up and down at 0%, this reveals a red button at 17%, touch that to unlock the coin at 18% :))
Ill be dead by the time BraedenTheCroco makes a long level instead of a medium level
Your levels are one of the only things that keep me motivated to grind stars :) <3
Your levels are one of the reasons i actually play online levels! Im happy that you are back :D
To everyone who hated croc, I challenge you to make a level better than this
wow, she has really improved. this is great :)
HOW TO GET TOP COMMENT: Step 1: You can't
Youre one of my fave creators and im glad youre back, that being said, this level is AWESOME :)))
LIKE THIS COMMENT TO GET ABSOLUTELY NOTHING AND TO WASTE YOUR TIME!!!!!!!
good
gg 28,7k =)
needs more spins
GG, thanks everyone!!!!
1 coin: 3% goes down, 2 coin: 5 mini coins wave, 3 coin: 45% is a potion up, the coin is at the end
cool. more cp rates from unknown people please?
Thanks everyone :)
Like if you died at 80% :(
locus sniper rifle
this deserves rating
GG! 36.9K Stars! :)
send to  a  mod
sniper codm
orale gg bro :D
The name of this level is clearly an amogus reverence
street racing street racing for the love of god
LETS GO GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
this level looks like pancakes because theyre both awesome
holis .///. se sonroja uwu ando buscando un creador par aun collab owo y me gusta tu nivel ewe
HAY VAMOS PERRO
Gucci!
GG 3 coins and #58
gg
very glowy, great colors :)
yeah some nice designs but the scaled glow is kinda obnoxious ^^
me encanta
:0
yo ratees
pretty cool level, I just hope I dont get to hear this song ever again
epic glow level
it's a bit overdecorated. consider using less glow in the bg. it's a solid level tho.
The fact that the sync is slightly off physically pains me
Thanks for dedications and GG for next featured!
First cps and autos ?
one attempt, even though I almost died at like everything lmao
Nice atmosphere
Divertido
not bad, but really enough glow for 5 or 6 levels, not one. :0
GG 1 Attempt :).
GG! :)
this deco is amazing gg
gg 2.5k
Contrary to popular opinion, i like this style alot
huh.
awesome level but why is this 9 star?? i beat it in 1 attempt
More like 7-8 stars imo
Komen cola
free 9* ngl
Gracias por la oportunidad owo
This is INCREDIBLE. One of the best fire themed levels ive ever seen.
RATE THIS LEVEL
Buen trabajo
GG :) since is 7* xd
Me gusta uwu
why the bossfight have covid mask
coronavirus demon
Fantastic
@DrayPlay oh
Fun, Easy, Sightreadable, and Good Looking. Shouldve gotten epic
Gg! 25500 Stars! :>
GG 6 att
Amazing Work :D
masterpiece
only 0 cp members can like this comment.
spongebob is the only guy I know that can have fun with a jellyfish for 12 hours
i could take four jellyfish at the same time
good level yall
GG! :)
gidi
So cool, sented to mods :)
 MC by epi giggs suixam ardant efext toomis pocke chro me lagan dreameater grax and camgotbitten :D
when the jelly is fish
a shrimp fried this rice?!?
GG! :)
so cool
this stuff goes great on toast 
This is very nice! Feels very lighthearted and fun and I can highly appreciate it for that! :)
Nice.
cunk
anyone here after seeing that the 2.2 sneak peek is almost here?
woooo rated!!
spongebob approves
11 attempts gg
Very strange gameplay... you seem to be pretty aware of this...
gp isnt very sight readable and the transitions arent smooth, which kills the flow. good concept tho
i would like to see cool unknown creators getting their first cp
gameplay is bad, and bugs are everywhere. dont hate me, the level is fine tho!!
That wave part was epic
there are multiple awesome levels by unknown creators that i would love to see rated
the gameplay is so unsatisfying
I can't see anything  o_O
pls first cps
first cp rates pleaseeee
Player used LDM! Its not very effective...
really cool level, but the gameplay ruined it for me
I can barely see the gameplay...
so hard!!! I hate this level >:(
IMPOSSIBLE
why not epic
stupid clubstep monster gtfo i cant see
counterMD has a rate worthy level, would be nice if he gets his first cp
dope song dope level
slam, peaceful, deadlocked. i remember it all
Gameplay needs to fix also too much transitions per part
i am a S.I.M.P ( super intense mobile player )
not really too good tom, there is still a lot of things you need to improve on really  but ig its ok
it's my birtday today , and i want all your dreams to come true, amd the level is excellent :D
Thank you robtop i love you <3
This would be so much better without the sudden transitions and the bug at the auto ball
@eigh ive been looking into that. ill see what i can do, trying to make this a good level. :)
GG
coin is not fun :(
hard 5* but fun
POG TOMMIE 6 CP LETS GOOOOOO
level
im sleepy too =w=
yoooo gg on the rate tommie
Zzz
gg tommie 
Gameplay needs work but great level. :)
Hopefully The Gameplay is a little bit fixed. send me a GD Message if not, ( Tell me which part )
i might clean up the gameplay soon. please dont worry :)
Ye. reupload :)
Thank you Rob, and everyone too! so happy right now! :D
Amo este nivel <3
not bad but try to add more variety to each part :)
hada houwa dz l7ar te3na hh , awesome level
Glad this level is finally out
GG this deco is soo insane! i want to be an top commenter! like plz
So happy to finally play a new level from you, thanks for dedication
Abdou!
wow t9 very cool
h
Fun level!
Diego!
cooool!!! thanks for dedication 
Thanks Twisty, very cool
awesome theme!
1 att gg, beautiful
why
acu vibe
I love this song so much :)
nicee lvl
i will shit my ass
this 100% deserves to be daily
Mdrrrr
then it go fart fart fart fart fart
you smell like you farted
Really good fast-paced level.
but a flatulence is a fart
pog
i dont think ive ever heard this part of the song
the level is actually 57s long, I updated the green orb at the end so I think you can't die easily
fun
Pretty level :)
nice level name
i feel betrayed
nice:)
We're experiencing some flatulence here, if you could navigate a peg and put it on your nose...
gg 5.43k stars 
1 att ,Good level :D
It's a typical Gepsoni level, which means that the block design & gameplay are great! =)
i love madhousedudes music!
Epic Lag Level On Mobile
challenge : find how many people died at 89
damn. that's one hot endscreen, wondering who made it
*device explode*
one question, why don't you verified this yourself. Great level, bit dark tho, I cant see
can we please spread this : click 1 time from 85 to 89% im tired of reading cmts with the samething
This is the first level that lags on my phone, nice!
i cant she crap
9 fps??
I cant she
ppl really need to stop telling creators to stop creating,ppl like that is a loser and brainded
rip us mobile players
impossible for me too much lag
lag engine
This is a bad demon made into a half auto bad unreadable level with awful gameplay and even bugs
The gameplay in this is so buggy and slow. You stopped the auto randomly in the wave :(
Well my phone melted
1 FRAME PER MINUTE
if robtop wont rate vivid hue, then he will definitely rate this
I HAAATE YOU
Nice level bro, thx for use my song:)
1st coin: jump at 11%, go down at 26%. 2nd coin: go up way in ship. 3rd coin: dont press the dashorb
not bad bro
I am so lucky
Love you AleXins! Never stop dreaming! <3
This is pretty cool man!
the level: ^-^ second coin: :/
Who stayed to listen to the music after finishing the map? :D
man i hate second coin :'v
yo no le diria simple si no arte
Thanks :D
(/UwU/) it was be cool
GG:)
gg
GG 1 ATT
gg 1 att
1 att
gg 16 att
gg
gg
I just notice that if you beat the lvl at first attempt you got 69 jumps .___.
A cool concept since you took the hell theme different than just the generic old red-black levels.
like if you dont exist
COIN: Tap the pink orb at 97% late.
thx for putting orb below portal, I really like it
v
Thank you for using my song :D
u
140,000 stars, GG :)
karoche zavtra doproydu)
THERES MORE THAN ONE REMIX?! KENOS 2???
sudya po niku, ti russkaja. ta vot, dekor, vrode, normal'nij, no stoilo bi porobotat' nad gp
Hm...
new sakupen hell
GG! Awesome theme, gameplay feels kinda random + spider part is too hard and LDM is too much imo.
:(
cool
cai por la moneda xd
GG Taron 
1 att 69 jumps
this is literally medium demon difficulty
:O Found in recent tab!!!
this is super awesome man, good work :D
On second thought, they are right, it should be Demon xd
Doesnt actually look outdated to me. I can see this getting epic :)
like if you find my comment :D
Decoration is SICK man, but, gameplay could be better.
While the execution isn't perfect, I am very impressed by the atmosphere you created. Awesome! :)
easy demon bro
Beautiful design. Gameplay is worst I have ever played for any featured level ever.
115 att. Harder than many easy demons.
medium demon bro
What the hell, this level is amazing
Died at 97%, what a disgrace!
GG on epic
you got me hyped up thinking it was about little big planet
gg, this should be medium demon
125 attempts, I really like the design and the fire part. I just wish the song matched more :/
you know its not 9 stars when the #1 player says its a medium demon
Really nice. It can be a little difficult to read, though
like si amas a tu mama :)
If Death Moon, Infernal Abyss, and Sonic Wave had a kid.. 
thanks for letting me verify :D
2% gang
Too long for me to want to beat it, but this gameplay is really fun :o
el que no de like es rata y juega Free Fire
Michigun rip 2016. . . GuitarHeroStyles rip 2021
like si eres fan de guitar deslike si eres fan de kuno
solo 99% mas y listo
free fire zZz like si crees lo mismo xd
GG! Like O Eres Fan De Kunno
woooooooooooo
por favor, informate antes de apoyar ciegamente a guitar.
Dislike si eres fan de yolo , like si eres fan de fernan
pan del demonio 
1 like = 1% mas para @AdvyStyles :)
Si no le das like a este comentario Kunno y sus amigos vendran a tu casa
like si amas a tu mama :)
me gustan las de 5
Solo los que cren en cristro rey pueden darle like a este comentario
i just read a comment that was flagged for spam and it said 'good level, deserves feature'
california
i mean i hate to be that guy but does this really deserve feature rob?
why are there.random spikes scattered all over ._.
3rd coin: try to jump into the leftmost blue orb in the 2nd circle of orbs (1/2)
this sucks ngl
Not quite sure why this was rated, that spike part really killed the level for me :(
what is this 
love when we all defend brae and then do the exact same thing with twig and cabby
this is something creators should know about. the more we do this, the more we normalize it
hit the first 2 blue orbs there and then hit the yellow orb. most consistent strat i found (2/2)
wtf is the last coin, it,s so hard and luckbased that it took me over 300 atts and 40 mins to beat
i love how you guys just don't care about anything and build what you want with no restrictions
and honestly, this level is fire. multiple themes in a few parts, everything somehow seem connected
wow, really nice atmosphere
I dont see fire, but i feel it. i see the smoke, the pollution. i feel land burning in the distance.
87.000 estrellas :)
2nd coin: skip blue orb at 36
bpdoles is the absolute king of being a sus sofa
so niceeeeeeee
like if tiktok is stupid
Interesting color combos :)
10 likes and i change my username
CABOOSE!
Fortnite sucks
zoidm after commenting "krit sucks" for the 942734572354th time
one thing everyone should agree on is tiktok is stupid
this level is so freaking funny it makes me want to merge without looking
7 likes and ill throw my phone in the water ( ill keep my ipad )
i hope you step on a lego 
hey guys like this comment to waste 3 seconds of your life
vThe worst part is when I confronted my mom about this she told me that I was overreacting and that sex work is basically the same as working at a ban
like if tiktok sucks
Fast chat wohoo!
bedtime? never heard of it, i have not slept for days and i am F I N E
Hello Madbug7
Pass is: 2402  :)like plis =)
Ausk shouldn't be mod. Like if you agree :)
hola crayola xd 1 attempts + daily 10 
Second part needs improvement in terms of gameplay and designs
Thanks for the shoutout! Great level (:
if this gets 69 likes i will beat toe2
keep cypherr's comment as top comment pls. k bye
Understandable
love the style
guys lets hang out!        kid named out:
Does Lightning McQueen have health insurance or car insurance
FIRST VICTOR! Cypherr by Credd (fluked from 0%) *GONE WRONG*
bunch is sexually attracted to anime moans in geoxor's songs
one day my name will be just 'Peter' :)
hey this looks exactly like the daily level we had 3 days ago isn't that crazy
making passive aggressive remarks when recieving constructive criticism is a bad look
imagine getting top comment by saying 'your mom'
the daily chat becomes the paparazzi when a moderator enters the chat lol
who wants to hear funny joke
what if i switched dislikes and likes around
daily chat is like middle school kids during recess. I want to be the kid who shouts, fight! fight!
you guys just ever wanna hug someone for no reason
like if you think im cringe
10 likes and I change my name to 'suspiciousamogus'
glad to make a part for this level :)
Glad it's finally rated! :)
the amount of blind transitions is higher than that spanish man
neat :D
I got bored and searched for the least downloaded rated level
not bad, but the lack of cohesion with the parts make this seem all over the place
congrats on the least downloaded rated level
wapo
if people keep searching for and downloading this, will it eventually stop being the least downloaded rated level?☆
nice! we did it
YOOOO! THIS IS AWESOME!! POGG!!
GG bro! :)
glad to have made a part!
#34 on the leaderboard
gg
Thanks for giving me the opportunity to work on this level. It was alot of fun :)
Bonituo
shitty level
q lendo niveljs , invitame cuando hagas uno modern :3
maybe too generic/simple for a festured, rate worthy tho
Just a tiny thing, but I think turning "bg effect" off would benefit this level a lot. Nice work. :)
Factoreh
in robot part (at first jump) i jumped too early and found secret way 
Boom
i thought i saw lil nas x
POV: Estas en Chernobyl
Factoreh
Zapper <3
Turned BG effect off and added a LDM !
you got me there
i love nuclear accidents
patched the secret way; why did people use it anyway, it wasn't worth the trouble
love this:)
awesome level i can see that a lot of effort and time was put into this level deserves its rate 100%
Factoreh
if you do too small of a jump at the first robot jump you get a secret way
i like the level but i can't really see where i'm going
I found the secret way. You need to jump at the robot par.... Aaaaaaaaaah
gg, 110k stars!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1 uwu
gg!
amazing result and respectable attention to theming 
you stole my song
The part with the fireworks is literally so good, well done Cynvic.
God this is awesome, so visually appealing and consistent. Great job to everyone!
superb
One of the best megacollab in 2021! <3
du bist ziemlich abgehoben digga
Thank u for let me participate on this beauty collab <3 good job everyone
the best thing of this level is its not laggy at all on mobile
All around amazing, both in visuals and gameplay. Loved the arts a lot :o
I am so happy to have been a part of this level! It turned out amazing :)
TEAM LZ BEST TEAM!!!
gg for the people who dont speak german the title means elevated
All parts looks incredible, overall quality and execution was really consistent. Great work guys! :D
Der name: "Abgehoben" Deutsche: Dieser Kommentarbereich ist Eigentum der Bundesrepublik Deutschland
For the non germans playing this level: The level name means "lifted"
Nicely done! Proud that this turned out so good!
Epic design and fantastic gameplay, really nice feel to this one :)
so amazing
Amazing level, GG! :)
c:
Wake up baby, new FunnyGame level.
me when the game is funny
like if your name is not joe
Top Comments Be Like: Like if your name is not joe
odd but nice
gg free level!
Fortnite sucks change my mind
guys i cannot save game whats the problem? anyone knows?
nope im out
This is unbalanced...
fix 11% bug pls,You can jump into the wall here and jump over the portal.
:0
Its funny seeing people say "hes back ASDJIBISAFUBUIAS" since he made a level 2 months ago .-.
made 1 day ago: rated immediatly
When the game is funny!
secret way at 11%: hold at the 3rd step, then jump over the teleportal
NICE LEVEL ^3^
funnygame
awesome! :D
gg coin. hit 6 buttons for the coin
GG! with the coin. 
GG's. Interesting style! Great game play to go along with it.
GG! with the coin.
I like the moving blocks but what is that thing the X is inside. Great  level.... lol
GG
cool but gp is kinda annoying
gg
gg
this is the best level ive ever found in the recent tab
already face rated lmao
GG!!! :D
this is super original and i like the gameplay, well done :)
I love the style / gp of this level. Favorited
A blue bg? what?
You died
eoeo
robs title:nice try XD
GG! with the coin.
gg
orac circles
hi daily chat
i don't even know who you are
Oreos
Its my birthday can i get 5 likes please thanks ok bye
i keep getting mcdonalds ads in korean help
nemsy circles
This is harder than your 9*'s
This actually inspires me to make my own nc level :)
20 dailies, thank you! :)
to get a cp, you have to 'decorate with 2.1 objects' 
I like how GD is rated 3+ but the community is the least 3+ thing in existence
an nc level that doesnt use an nk song?!?!?!!!?!!!?!!?    impossible this cannot be real
my ass is large
Naaaaaa goku le gana...
this is actually pretty cool
chips ahoy wants me to announce their new cookies with hershey's milk chocolate
Oreos are nice dude
yes a new nemsy level!! My day is saved puh,..
remember DashieGames? that guy was soo funny ;)
Not a fan of how dark this was either, but the designs were so cool. Nice colors too :)
im beat penos
Scientists say that the main reason you cant sleep is because you are awake
im done
i beat sakupen hell.
pass is: 121314 i want ur like my friend!
MOM GET THE CAMERA IM BEATING KENOS
In what world is this 6 stars, most of the gameplay is auto anyways. Thiswouldbe4starsifitwasntdark
guys excuse the lack of cohesion.
F swigncopter....
*trying to insert old KENOS jokes*
Sakupen HOLE
i did not hack this comment and you cant like it twice. dont do this.
i fell down
rob rates this and not peenos
i love minecraft
 Level name: hole + Creator name: iyoo = hole.io
i cant even see
Extreme Demon
could you make this level any darker?
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
GG OWO
GG OWO
GG OWO
GG OWO
GG OWO
GG OWO
GG OWO
GG OWO
GG OWO
GG OWO
We love Enigma.
i love this, really good colors .. thank you mineber for this jewel
Cool level Mineber! Good job :)
GG OWO
GG OWO
my finger slipped off the dash orb....
like this if you think im gay
Nice colours and designs as always
GG OWO
Amazing, but I feel like this is 6 stars :)
stanger things is the best show
Really cool
This is pretty great
IMMACULATE COLORS AND SYNC AND PULSES. Too hard for 4* though, sent for 6
how is this not fratured???
Sicc
For coin: Grab the triggers at, 21%, 38% and 62%. Coin at 89%
I am sad because this is not epic.
Like for free burrito.
dang no epic, cringe
if you dont know the story behind this level; goola lost it to a bug and spent a year rebuilding it.
we all like the show stranger things
LETS GOOOOOOOO
#justiceforgoola #epicrangting
so sick!
As a huge stranger things fan, this is one of my new favorite levels lol
if this doesnt get epic im literally gonna riot
WOW the dual part with the 2 dimensions is so cool!
this should b epic
when youre going for a walk in the woods and the yoreid logo appears
This is amazing 
Thanks for letting me verify this dude! A little rough around the edges, but overall a very well themed level.
sounds painful
Deco? awesome. Gameplay? some of the worst I've ever put myself through.
I am a fellow moss enjoyer
This level is super CHALLENGING and AWESOME :]
awesome
amazing gud job
Yoreid youve done it again
hot
Oh no, my nemesis! Memory gameplay!
GG! :)
Deez and Nuts. Good level! Love your style aswell :)
eat your greens kids
You just had to make the object count 123456.....
You really nailed the theme and the aesthetics for this one, very well made! :D
anyone whos mad about this being extreme can go suck themself off
deez nuts
GG! Beat this earlier today but forgot to comment, really cool level :)
Only 0 CP members can like this comment.
gameplay can be better, but level looks nice
Kuriakos
Ellinas kanenas?
I rate this level malaka/10
Malaka eisai thrylos, like oloi allios poulo
hotter than my girlfriend
Unfortunately Mitsotakhs And Tsipras Are From My Country
pou se re kouliii
o typas pou to ftiaje einai theos
TSIPRAS?!
Mitsotakh gamiesai :3
HAHAAHA THE NAME NO WAY LMAO
kalossss eimai ellhnas 
very cool!
geia sas re ellhnares
perimenoume to tsipras sequel
Mitsotakh gamiesai
kerapeos
e mitsotaki, gamw ti panagiota sou
Thanks so much for giving me the opportunity to verify this bro, easily the best level in its genre!
A flappy level getting epic in 2021 and actually being REALLY good is such a pleasant surprise
i see no bird
Flappy level? I approve 8)
you guys know that there is no such thing as a demon cap right
I would make a flapping joke but i dont see any taking off
Ngl i thought this was gonna be a free demon 
I love this
We haven't had a rated extreme demon in a month rob
like for pewdiepie dislike for t series
this level is so awesome hahaha
oh i didnt know he mentioned rating 5 at a time before
like if you dyed at 2%
ClAiM yOuR hErE bEfOrE nExUs TiCkEt                                  (here)
the only rateworthy flappy level in 5 years
now i see why its an insane demon
first 3 seconds: why is this rated???? next 3 seconds: oh... I see, thats why.
for about 3 seconds i thought free demon
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
i paid for geometry dash not flappy bird im deleting gd
Gameplay sucks :(
Alguien dijo cuack?
Amogus
awa de manzanas
thats level is cool...deco is amazing but gameplay sucks
Asquerosamente encantador :'0
C mamo el eptic
*ducc / riot noises*
por fin uwu
kinda random.
I really like that art style and how the glow is put on it, just that speed at the second part is..
OMG LAG
Nice collab!
I LOVE THISSSSS
cuakers
laggy
Thats cool :)
did i just see among us before the drop
o wow este nivel soulsTRK me recuerda soulsTRK a una referencia soulsTRK pero no me acuerdo soulsTRK
No copyright :(
                                                       /\/\/\/\/\
Spikes will kill you!
I liked the part with spikes
some cool stuff, lots of empty space that could be filled better though 
Shut Up and Take my Money!
if this lvl was created earlier it would have been in spike gauntlet like if u agree
next level:orbs
The spike is over there
password : 594368 :)
cold sweat sequel
Jesus died on a cross for your sins, whoever believes in Him, has eternal life. Jesus is coming!
Wow this level involves spikes who could have guessed
good idea of using lots of spikes but the level really falls in quality as it continues
you came from: partition zion!
          /\/\/\
Nice Job!
g
/\/\ /\|''''''''''|   /\/\/\ |""""""""""""|     /\/\/\ 
free coins :0
I think this level have spikes
My 45th level beat!
Epic colors
no epic? okay ill try a bit harder next time :D
hardest 5 stars ive seen in a while
awful gameplay
bro these buggy orbs tho
gg
gg
one of my new favorite levels :)
This song's drop hits hard, it sucks that you put an offset and completely got rid of any buildup.
Very interesting to see how far you came without crossing that 40k object limit! Fantastic job :)
GG Finally.
gameplay kinda sucks
gameplay a bit weird
10 attempts, cool level :)
Buug
bad gameplay good design
nice !!
Lenny
GG! Nice level! :)
oh, you don't like shawarma? kinda cringe ngl.☆
Dedicated to TULA
yeah i like this quite a bit actually
Fixed buggy spider part
You stole my name :0
first creator points! welcome to the cp club BIGZ! GG
First level to ever be dedicated to the cat next door to the creator
GG for first CP! I knew you could do it!
Good Level! :D
Tula, the Cat
i cant stop thinking about this lvl its petty good 
GG!:)
gg 26 attempts
Decent. Some parts and designs are pretty underwhelming imo. Congratulations on first rate/cp :)
GG! Good level :)
lol34 likes feature
really good actually
Shawyha
WALLAH BRTUR JEG ELSKER TYRKERN OG JAFS
Wow
I rlly wanna settle this. Like = GD Jose. Dislkike = ViPriN.
Gd jose is back :D
this is amazing
This is Amazing :D
pa cuando Gear IV :v?
what a cool level to come back with
gd jose has 2.2
these shapes moving are so scary
THIS IS AMAZING but so confusing at the same time lol
olaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Nice
like if u dont know what does *283733837* means.. :(
pass "250721" :)
i hate the ship sorry
took me like 15 att to relise i was the shadow
Some very unique concepts. Definitely your cleanest level to date :)
Never in 100 years would I have expected this level
shadow part is easy but the rest is just pure anxiety
muy pronto Gear IV... lo presiento chicos :)
ALoH
not bad actually, but bruh... this gameplay is not for 7 stars.
Pretty snazzy
underrated one
nice deco
Pretty cool style
it's epic
pretty great
kinda 'tricky' gameplay, but really cool lvl! :D
really nice designs but the gp is uh... not as easy as described
Gg bro
sweet
anpy
slick designs!
nice work :)
GG! 78 atts
(was talking to both of you btw)
I like this
Nice designs and really interesting gameplay ngl. It is so cool for the first rated level :D
wow you've improved a lot since last time i saw your creations. could get epic imo if it was longer :D
Congratulations on your first rated level. GG! :)
like for 6* dislike for 5*
extreme demon for sure
coin 1: tap on invisible black orb at the beginning and then skip pink jumppad at 2% (1/2)
coin 2: look up at 74% and coin 3: free (2/2)
Like if you play in mobile :)
GG All Coins. Thanks to TheRealEledix for the 2nd coin :).
shut up fortnite kid
When thise spikes moved back I was so confused lol
20000 downloads!! Thx everyone :))))
1000 likes!!! YEEESSSS
very nice
wha? lol
THANK YOU EVERYONE
its always a good day when denz makes a new level
I somehow beat this in one attempt
like before featured
rate this
GG :) cool
Plz get rated that would be cool
nice 
dont let this turn into a top comment battle, and anyone who dislikes top comments to get there, no
great level - love the use of circles in the block designs
secret way at 100%
People really cant determine the difference between harder/iconsistent and buggy, huh?
Just Happy birthday to me :)
10 likes and i poop in the sink
instagram block design.
sweet designs but the gameplay is very hard to read
Some gameplay is hard to read, but it's still super cool overall, gives off optical vibes
potato
Lag :/ On Mobile
can some people tell me how to fix the gp? my best guess is to make the movements happen earlier
i love this
hello comunity :)
i think the creator had a stroke writing the description
Oh, Nice level good decoration! :D
very creative & fun!
BANNED NOO WIWHSIWJ2IENWI2I87EJEJWI2JWIWJWI2
etr banned from ng. rip (man i really wanted to see etr grow in gd)
the person below me is second comment
Moving objects...my only weakness
if i were moderator i could get 100 likes by literally just commenting 1 letter
I love your levels so much, theyre just brimming with originality
cool level!
GG
gg
dude your levels have such cool designs
toad from mario is kinda hot. mushroom
why its not epic
w o w j u s t w o w
que genial se ve
This Level Makes Me So Cheerful! I LOVE IT<3
Half Thumbs up
100000 orbs GG:)
omg that ending :sweating: it's so amazing and magnificent please collab with me
gg 1 att
200 years
GGGGGGGGGGGG 9.000 STARS :D DEDICATE RO ALL MY FRIENDS :3
Such a super solid 5* lvl that we all needed! Thanks a ton! GG... Much love from Finland. <3 8-) ;-)
31.1k | GG!
GG, nice level me
this is so good it should have been a main account upload
I love balls
this is so sick ngl
I wanna se a collab between Nei and Neigefeu ._.
don't say "kid amogus" in reverse, worst mistake of my life
so amazing
goated level
this is really interesting, well done nei :)
very cool
ball clicker extreme
such a simple gameplay concept but looks very fun
idk man, seems like a neigfeu ripoff :/
rob will you ever do a massive demon wave instead of a few
I would put a wedding veil on floppy's head
wowowow
i wish
55
what was neige smoking when he made this and can i have some
GGGGGG 1185 ATTEMPTS, died past 70% over 25 times :((((
this is so sick lol
So much pain
Loved playing this
really cool but also really hard
YOOOO
LiKe iF yOu'rE hErE fRoM nExUs
on mobile is imposible
npesta is not below anyone you are being decieved
npesta is below the guy who is below the guy below me
harder than tartarus
GG! 72 attempts :)
hOlY cOw GuYs I gOt 90% On An InSaNe DeMoN
Room 13 x6
Stormfly would like this
Impossible on mobile :/
It's finally over, GG! :)
Room 10..
Room 13..
i cant even get past level 2
iwannakillyourballs
Nice colours! I suggest adding a lot more movement to make the level feel less static
why is there an invisible pad and invisible portal here why why why why why why why why why why wh
:D
Not bad, just that I would like the first effects to be cleaner and more variety of colors.
Glow style itself isn't generic, you just need to find a way to make it your own, like this level.
I can't be the only one
17 at ,amazing level :D
GG! Very epic and enjoyable :D
pta la wea y pensar que hace tiempo jugabamos esta wea en el colegio y ahora teni niveles rated 
gg :)
Awesome song | Nice level | Work in gameplay in some parts! | Sent to Logon.
easy 246 att
esto necesita rate por favor
como pasa el tiempo :,C
lollll funny invisible jump pad
My 41st level beat!
GG NICE
Nicely done! I really like this! :D
me rio toa la nocheeeee
Gucci!
Rat was a cp farmer, don't be like rat
great end screen
the clouds are not pixels
@Tit4nob0a, shhhhh don't let anyone find out 
Thanks Rob! :)
tu tu tutu.... tuu tu tutu....
Guys rubrub is drunk if he wont feature this
Cute
LOVE IT
pass is: 011001 like?
this level is bad.why? cuz its ends :'
thanks for the rat i really need it
WOW this is very good
so damn good, deserves featured.
GG ese final bien WTF xD
3 att + coin :) GG, cute level!
Amazing level. The gameplay is marvelous aswell as the art at the end! 10/10
very nice work
cute Hamster getting choked :(
dislike if u think melon bread is trash
worst fail in gd history
why did you make this so unironically good
i beat firework
checkmate cherry team
i cant believe you took the verifcation from trick...
175,000 Stars, GG! :)
Do you ever feel like a plastic bagDrifting through the windWanting to start again?Do you ever feel,
RATE EXTREME FOR THE MEME
passwordd is 840587. go wild
Your thirst for blood continues? Very well, let the blood spill. Let the demons feed off your unfortunate soul...
Few awkward clicks and weird timings but otherwise really fun to play
like if you have seen a firework
OMG I BEAT FIREWORK, NO WAY
even on 60 that dual is busted
I complete firework, showed it to a friend and he said f*ck you XD
1984
Like for Firework,Dislike for Firework
insert unfunny joke about beating the extreme demon firework here
FIREWORK 50%| Top 1 Demon Progress (dislike this bc im not funny)
studt we miss you
Like if you played this level before this will rate
if poison expires, does it make it more poisonous or less poisonous?
Wish this was better polished in some areas, but I like the movements and gameplay
UPDATE - fixed secret way and touched up on some gp and deco
neat 
Very cool :)
Thank you everyone 
amazin level youre best the only probles at the begining some parts are empty and i loove the ending
AAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
3 year olds after making a like if comment
Nice
Here before rate
wtf? this is amazing dude
garbage transition here, but overall nice deco
This level feels so knots like... I love it!
very good lvl btw
and the part i flt was empty was like at the dash orb at 9%
epic harder 7 "-"
full charged to go into the last part sorry for calling it annoying
Old Ferret (Cool stuff)
RICK ASTLEY GOT 1B VIEWS!!!!! 
piola
Mineber daily ole ole
RICKROLL JUT HIT 1,000,000,000 VEIWS :D
comment flagged as cat                                            |meow|
florida man arrested for giving crack cocaine to 3rd grades on field trip
Pretty cool Mineber! :)
me gusta este estilo
so cool and fun :)
keep this comment at 69 likes :D (or dislikes)
every time i speak in daily people troll me and dislike my comments :|
I can't comment ban people I'm not elder
Eminencia
IM FIRST LETS GO
mfs be wearin the same three outfits sayin "how do i look?" FAMILIAR bro, you look familiar
AceMineDee... ta gud
Damn
I'm here because I can't sleep
mods be tryna ban me for NSFW (not safe for work)  little do they know I be unemployed-_-
The mods are in a Discord call, flipping coins to see who to ban.
really really really, really really awesome
Fantastic atmosphere, great work with this! GG!
like if you came from nexus
DerpyPanda22 Quid changed his name because some people found the numbers in his name annoying
gameplay is annoying, deco is really good although ;)
can rob just get his ass here and rate actual levels?
What happened to the name quid?
GG! :)
''this level sucks because i cant finish it'' - average geometry dash tryhard
nexus :)
Deserves the epic rating
rip quid
cool but very buggy gameplay
i thought that was an arrow... not a spike... im stupid..
gameplay is inconsistent buggy garbage but the deco is cool...
Very cool decoration, it looks cool with the music!!
atmosphere in this one is amazing, good level
cancer moment at 12%
61 attempts. #1306
GG, easy demon tbh
Will do a few demons now :)
This isnt creator point grinding. This is being good at creating.
what if we allowed creators to build the way they wish to instead of trying to control them
Hey kids, today will be learning the definition "Creating for fun"
bruh
i apologize for this getting daily
fortnite sucks - I now expect to see 197480283746 likes on this comment
oilpanic is fine, weve made up. no reason to be mad at him.
Danolex vente a call
no way anyone can look at this and complain about the quality
HOLY THE MOVEMENTS!!! I love thisss!!!!
Hola
Guys, instead of drama, how about we all go to McDonalds
<3
Haters can say what they want, but the fact is, crispy is a great creator, and this level is awesome
hola bonita noche
omg
sweet
people when someone is stargrinding: i sleep. || people when someone is cp-grinding: i attack.
THE MOVEMENTS ARE TOO GOOD
did this really get rated - time to make how 2 p00p
:sfySlam:
I used to hate MelX, now I hate him even more. Fantastic level.
Greatest coin placement ever
376 attempts (+ 2 coins). #1299. THIS LEVEL IS BASED
step one, eat taco
Beautiful
gg! visuals arent bad but this was probably the most unenjoyable experience ive ever had with any demon :(
i now have knowlegde to this sacred information
thank you for teaching me, also 52k stars
robtop fard caught on camera 100 not clickbait omg 100 real
GG! :)
Apart from the name, not bad!
when the coins are in the first 2 seconds of the level:
those coins are so close yet so far 
GG! :) 548 Attempts! Amazing coins at the beginning, the best hard demon medium long! Very fun lvl!
i dont need a tutorial
be bad, im also bad
i died at 97 14 times in a row
banger
This is acute level.
love this, thanks for the dedication!
Me when the angle is right
awesome level idk what to rate should i go with my opinion im just gonna do insane 7*
I could be your angle OR youre devel :smiling_imp:
I came from Nexus! ('-'/
Fnf fans when theyre at the hospital and they hear the heart monitor beeping
For your mental health, don't go for the first coin.
So Incredible :D
fnf, week 6, school, angles, math. it all makes sence
GG! :)
this level is 90 degrees good
Where is everyone
For those commenting the pass, Its gonna get deleted cuz you can just find the pass on my yt channel
pls nerf the wave they are so unbalanced especially the last one
for the pass watch the verification vid on dashies YT
these coins are rafer certified holy moly
Just to be clear, only the PLATFORMS are square shaped, not everything in the entire level.
nicee
rlly cool level
almost as bright as my forehead
discord light theme
i love the name but sadly its a bit too simple for my tastes
Gusmercury
I cant see a sh!t
what if we turn on rtx
gg but the start didnt like 
trash
the first part is hard and confusing but the rest of the level is free lol
Nice.
Beautiful <3
GG
Am I playing a Demon or something?
a
really annoying
nice piano song :)
Hope u get rate on this!
cool not bad level
next daily 50%
Great level
smell like bossfight
GG! 210 attempts, the first input being blind really wore out my patience :/
was so fun to verify tysm for giving me the opportunity to do this <3
wow
this is so hard :v but the deco is soooo goood
one of the best insane demons in the game. very fun
Update: Bugfix
anybody else hate it when noclip hackers say: sO Ez JaJaJa hAhAhAh11!111
thanks spud daddy
this is very good man
first victor once again :D
Sweet
the first jump is really hard to see
this is fine...
I wanna punch in the face whoever made the gp and verified this. Deco is neat tho
laggy ending but quite fun anyway
mecha ouro :O
did the mods forgor?
rob can you just do ur job lmao
What a way to go. Your legacy will never be forgotten!
committing crimes with both direction and magnitude
the guy from the monions movie.
that ship did a bit of trolling
curse you tiny toilet
yet one question still remains: W H E R E  ARE THEE G O R L S?
Pretty cool, but kinda wish it was longer :(
tysm
isnt vector that one rich but lazy man from the movie called despicable me 2
no, victor was my nerd name. now, i am VECTOR!
deposit 1 cube to play my arcade machine thx
PIRANHA GUN, OH YEAH!
get vectored
LETS GOOOOOO
The first thing that came into my mind when I saw the name was of the guy from despicable me.
O          H                    Y          E          A          H          !
vecter
vegans who are okay with their friends eating meat are the best vegans
V
Who saw that news article where a vegan tried meat and became a butcher.
HOW IS THIS 3 STAR (dislike this comment)
So cool ! thank you so much, i love it :)
Hey Robtop just a small tip that peeing on the servers doesn't put out the fire
Get Your Tickets Here Before This Get Rated!
servers are back :D are you gonna keep rating robtop?
love the colors!
Easy for7 stars so Ill give it the benefit of the doubt
#5, 2 coins
i just searched up my real name and found this level lol
COINS: 1. 80% 2. 94% (go above the cube portal)
lol second victor
This look amazing
G
cool :)
72.432eme stars
fun
GG! Free coins :)
a
Nice Level!! :D
gg
wtf is that second coin lol
we had a little horsey named Paul Revere, just me and my horsey and a quart of beer
great concept also thanks for the practice tip
Paul Revere (/rjvjYr/; December 21, 1734 O.S. (January 1, 1735 N.S.)[N 1]  May 10, 1818) was an Amer
Nice seing someone using the reverse portal for once
:)
im gonna crap my pants
coin 2: activate the dummy mode do not click on the orb dash 28% and hold it until the ball portal
GG! All coins :)  coin 1: 4% it's in tbe letters (GG)
cool idea :)
sporgorbeatrobobobob squankolebrobopoppants 
That intro gave me chills. this is stunning
Took me quite a while to figure out the coins, but damn were they fun to get.
If you dont know what Paul Revere is from you have bad taste in music.
get smarter 
Love the Beastie Boys.
I dont have a local goat
Really fascinating and unique level. Great work <3
exactly how?
Original :)
Do not worry about Deja Vu and/or Paul Revere.  Its just coincidental that we had (1)
Amazing in every possible way, you've really outdone yourself with this one! :o
GG! :)
even on 2% brightness this level hurts my eyes
The first part is a tiny bit empty but the rest is 157% feature-worthy!
this is so amazing what the hell
This awesome gameplay along with the smooth movements makes this level very satisfying
Your best. ;) Really smooth and clean. Super job!
not a fan of the gameplay but deco is epic
ok this level is really fun so far!
GG! 55 attempts, pretty fun but there is a lot of learning ;)
neat
author, sosi svou bebru, yobok
yo thats my bro
This is great
i really like this ngl.
baller medium demon
nothing is perfect....except for in motion
 n e e d s more likes
Really good level, 3 coins :)
do you know the definition of insanity
That was awesome
pass is 772021 ! Enjoy :D
nice nice
thanks for giving me opportunity!
epic
GG! :)
some bugs will be fixed. so sorry guys
...           ..         .                 ..                 ....                ..     .      ... 
GG! 121 attempts :)
Quite Nifty
Nice to be a part if this masterpiece!
For a collab it's pretty consistent! Would've liked to see more unique effects and pulses between each part tho. Gonna send :)
i'm getting very unlucky with this, but i can't stop playing it, it's so fun
From VN with love <3. Hope my country will be famous in GD community :D
Lmao
First and Last parts are easily the hardest parts of the level.
GG! :)
Thank you for giving me the chance to make a part in this! It turned out awesome!
rob rate this or your pillow stays warm both sides
It's actually an insane demon!
Really nice colors and effects, and awesome gameplay :o
ich brauche eine um dieses level zu schaffen
sweeeeet
g coin 1 21% coin 2 85% coin 3 free
insane
Randomly generated german word by Creator
Gg!!
sweet
the titles probably just a german word
Halllllllloooooooo wie geht es dir?
Bedienungsanleitung
7w7
quien muere en el 1%? a solo yo 
:)
hope youre happy :smile:
Rindfleischettikettierundsueberwachungsuebertragungsgesetz -German
why the first coin
gg
how is this not epic
Braucht man hier eine, bevor man dieses Level spielen sollte?
ROLLING DOWN IN THE DEEP WHEN YOUR BRAINS GOES DUMB YOU CAN CALL THAT MENTAL FREEZE WHEN THESE PEOPL
176,000 Stars, amazing level. GG! :)
very fun and colorful
do you remember that time when easy demons were easy
Your style is so good!!! love this
Had a lot of fun with this one :>
My first send, I love this so much <3
when you see it
Good reincarnation of Darnoc's style. Well done, Ecli!
Reminds me of those 1.9 times with those designs, I love the colors. Sent :)
gg
Rate peenos when
this is so nice
you're amazing
great
cool but the colours at the drop seem a little weird, good gameplay too!
yo let's goo!! gg
Nobody cares about a 69% fail anymore :(
cool :p
caught my attention with its appealing colors and fun gameplay :)
jsab anyone?
LOOK AT THAT ICE
Oui
on dirais un pokemon le nom du lvl
gg
Good level, end art is for me the best part
GG! :)
ive never been this early at a demon what do i do help
Pass is 040721 btw
Sunday, June 1st : Froidrisson got featured. My first cp I'm speechless
Medium Demon, For Sure!
So satisfying to see it out! It was cool to co-host that :)
good colors iffy gameplay
This is finally featured, pretty cool to see me in this megacollab. Thanks ISSLOL hehe
Fun level, I always enjoy the ice theme :)
GG 47 attempts! :D
46 att, super fun :)
GG pour les cp beau gosse
this is prob the hardest ez demon ever made
Some parts were very annoying
Orac
yes you may
can i pet the orca please
Since when did you have 90 CP omg lol
shrak soon hopefully
:orac:
I am in love with this portion of the song
i made orac and thonk together :0
this dosent feel like a 9 star
all hail the mighty orac, for it has given nemsy 90 creator points :)
Nice.
Most fun 9 star ever
who is nemsyll
split do you not realize how most of his levels are actually quite different uwu
very good level :)
GOOD ONE
WOW! So quickly! This level easy to read. I'm suprised...
lo he pasao mal con esta mielda
frick gren all my homies stan orac
fun :)
Please Rob I have been a good child back in the days:)
FRNCESCO TOTTI, SOLO UN CAPITANO
Virgolinyy :u
ciao
8-9 Stars definitely, outstanding level mate
amazing level, definitely should be featured
Nice! :)
good job other leo <3
I love levels like this. Sent to mods!
Holy shib this is amazing!
:o
SPINGERE
bellissimo grande zanna
Good!
Quando parlo dico solo cose, quando tiro, tiro solo bombe ~bello figo (Francesco totti)
nice, gg!
dio bellissimo
yO sOY frAnCeSko VeRGHoLllInI
Noice
grazie per i coins fratello. Livello con i controcoglioni :)
Coin: at 7%, its small
Very nice, designs are nice and gameplay is perfect for a 3 star!
literally any potential top 1 is gonna be begged for this is gonna be annoying af
i wish there was gp sync but the designs are super nice and clean
Really good for only 2.5 hrs
sick
shit happens.
thx for the coin and stars
dang...you really speedran making this level
33k stars! :)
no, it's good level
Nice level dude!
Made in 2.5 hours? How?
very cool :3
ez leaderboard
I found the coin, its so very small O_o
gg 1 coin
gg
gg but were is the coin?
gg
dysphoria more like DYS NUTS
to whoever is reading this, no matter what your going through, you matter and are valid. <3
trans rights are epic
Ironic, the transitions is this level suck
trans rights <3
I come on here to distract myself from dysphoria and here it is
Sending love to every trans person out there. You arent alone, there are people here for you <3
i would love to see daivrt in the top 100, they absolutely deserve it <3
Trans rights! You have my support Daivrt <3
gender dysphoria sucks (i struggle a lot with it myself) but every gender is vaild and so are you!
Dinosaurs are cool, transphobia is not. This level is cool, actual dysphoria is not (believe me)
trans <3
also trans right epic lol
Stop hating transgender people just because they are different.
my trans ass really appreciates this lvl ilysm
i like that the colors of the spikes and stuff are blue pink and white like the trans flag, good lvl
me when, when im, when im trans
every trans dasher going ham in this comment section LMAO we luv to see it <3
this level is really cool and also trans rights!
hell yeah trans rights
Would be nice with some more contrast between what is foreground/background. Otherwise great :)
Hopefully this gets rated soon. Really looking forward to that. :)
Hi star grinders! Hopefully this one doesn't cause you too much trouble. :p
Nice job dude love ur content btw
Really love the progression in this one :)
love the theming
Good level but I wish my ship was first on the endscreen. I mean it looks I got 3rd place ._.
Remember to vote eight stars. Enjoy!!
some people in this comment section are flat out jerks chill guys
its hard to tell what's background and what's foreground
I SENT THIS TO MODS AND GOT IT 4 SENDS TODAY GGGGGG
Me when no rate azure skies
ROB DO BEG RATES ITS BEEN FOREVER
Love this, it has a lot of charm. I like when people cam effectively use default textured blocks.
GG 25.2k*! ;)
very awesome and so awesome
When the skies are azure, idk never played it
sick, sent to mods :)
@radostin The LDM is really good and should stop all lag. Let me know if you still have lag with it
i did not know the sky was azure i thought it was blue?:/
Really neat effects. That ending scared me lol
yo this is cool
Brilliant work Exol! I hope you make more stuff like this in the future. :)
interesting concepts
98% gave me a heart attack
GG bro i thought i was gonna die at 98%
GG!
GG! :) The ending gave me a heart attack lol
Featured
gg nice endscreen
clean with it!!
Im scream for he troll end xd
Ending is unexpected
lol,good troll on the end
GG :).
what an amazing level... im blown
GG! 2 Attempts & 24.7k stars :D
That ending caught me off guard, wow that was sick
Anyone else have a heart attack after seeing that ending?
GG!! Fun <3
insanely good, great work!
One of the best songs on Newgrounds easily
Heck yeah
32 attempts. #1336
fluked from 1% :)
I've seen epic levels way worse than this
gg 172, all the transitions past 70 are annoying
Good job my friends! Fluke from 64 :)
Great :)
GG! :)
woooow this is really nice! :0000
yoooooo nice bro :J
i died at 97% like 2 times lol
I LOVE THIS LEVEL
No comment.
Oh :0
GG! :)
mods why isn't this epic rated huh?
gg cool"s lvl
funk spike :;b
not bad, extra points just for using this awesome song
THANK U SO MUCH FOR 1ST CP RObTOP
gameplay somehow unbalance at drop, still feature worthy 
had fun doing this with u, hopefully u get your first cp soon great work dude :)
8 - 17 - 2021 so i wont forget my 1st feature
If I tell rob to rate any of my levels, he would not do it
Amazing pulses, gameplay and clean designs!
Nice ^^
omg. 69 Why?
rate 9 stars are you joking?
GG :D I Level Stats : 1 attempt, 3 jumps, 100% :D
lets goo gg bro, you have a great creating future ahead of you :)
Tip : to pass the dual easily , spam after the dash orb !
another demon rated 9* because rob doesn't actually play the crap levels he is sent
Nice.
It's fun though so I'll give you that at least.
y is this green orb a timing
GG! :)
Damn, i love this! surprisingly good first level :) GL bruddah :D
Hey, that's really good :0 keep it up! Maybe a mod sees this and sends it, it deserves a rate!
What do we have here :O
Level: 3D, Icons: 2D, Me: VISIBLE CONFUSION
nobody cares if you are from nexus
Watch Robtop eventually add the "Isometric Map Pack"
Like for daily ---------------- >
dark odyssey iso when?
Really good 3D, I hope you get stars soon with this level! ^^
vine nomas por nexus xd
People be sayin "GG", it's literally back on track.
Fun fact: Coins are much easier to find than in the original level.
Honestly, this is epic, what a good 3D, I congratulate you on your excellent work
Funny fact: Iso is a finnish word which means Big
como esto no tiene rate? .-.
waiting for The Golden ISO
Someone did have to say it. (Stop saying "like if you are from Nexus" like nobody cares)
This level very epic i love this gameplay!!
ojala que este en el daily
to the point creators got so bored they made back on track ultra 3d
Polargiest ISO?
my brain is hurting alot rn
Easily one of my favorite levels at the moment, so much charm
LiKe If FrOm NeXXuS
Troll face
like - extreme demon dislike - insane demon
robtop is playing stupid fortnite agin instead of rating good levels >:(
Not bad! The block design in some parts could be improved but overall it's pretty fun!
why is this being changed every 5 minutes????? what are yall doing
EXTREME DEMON EXTREME DEMOM EXTREME DEMON EXTREME DEMON EXTREME DEMOM EXTREME DEMON EXTREME DEMON 
This is no where near insane, yall are INSANE
PPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPIXEL
YOOO nice
I remember this song from watching BFDI 8 XD
to the people who think this is a insane demon, your adopted.
#rerateppppppppppppppppixel to extreme demon
This is Extreme Demon c:
as the second victor of this level I feel obligated to tell you, THIS IS NOT INSANE DEMON holy hell
GUY UNDER ME WITH THE 6K DEMONS LOL
like if you searched pp
extreme demon u say hmmmmm
Bro why are some parts harder than bloodbath
make the nightmare 9* to cause worldwide outrage
epic auto play area
I would've liked this level just as much without the gimmicky gameplay. Still great work, though.
epic!
This is so cool
Amazing level :)
10/10
3 coinssssssssssssssss hate the 2nd and 3rd heart collectible
looks AMAZING, but its a little annoying how you can see the bottom of the bridge at the start
If RobTop wont release 2.2.. WE will release 2.2
ohh wow, no entiendo un carajo xD
10/10 Coool :0
Very good!
i love this
do first cp rates :D
some 1st cp rates?
Very nice indeed
confused gameplay but good deco :)
Interesting!
Really Good :)
nice to see some real improvement from you
Awesome
banger
Rate insane demon btw thx
197 attempts, gg :] pretty fun
WHAT THE FIKCKCKCKCLCKCKC
Fun level, GG! :)
I love the way this plays
I remember reviewing this, quite nice. Sent for feature
:O
Neat stuff
because i cant get demon rates for some reason
Forgor Adventure
rob are you gonna re-rate after burner as epic or what?
LETS GO THAZM POP OFF
very fun and very easy
I am so glad I didn't die past 61%!  New hardest demon I think.  GG 2,961 Attempts.
GG :)
am so good
like this comment for random
maybe putting random ideas together is a bit too messy =x
Kind of enjoyable! Try adding more to the foreground and the background next time!
DanZmeN mod on
GG With Coin. For Coin: Don't tap the green orb at 61%.
feature this rob
Maybe I'm biased towards this style, but I think this level is awesome
gg secret way :)
My buggiest level gets featured, Also very hideous drop.
You realize this is a hybrid trap song, wheres the 4x speed stretches for half the level?
good, 1 att mobile
literally 20 seconds in the level and im already amazed, keep up the work!
Very fun, and although the deco looks good, it is a bit too simple in some places. Rate worthy :)
wtf
46.300 stars!
COOOOOL
As soon as i saw the name... I knew it was meant to be...
man you need to have this as your first rate
surprised this isnt rated!
I like level :3
fdshgshds
Really fun!
Decent! The gameplay is also pretty fun! :)
Amazing, so much fun to play :)
Though some aspects of the decoration are very lacking, the gameplay is really fun
GG! Completed with all coins. :)
Nice
*squeaky styrofoam noises*
158,000 stars. GG! :)
GG! 55,000 stars and 1,100 demons! :)
Good level
Thank you! <3
GG very fun :)
"empty" by juice wrld
GG! :)
GG ! 636 attempts ALL COINS Fantastic level one of my favorite easy demon i beat :D
GG! :) 21 Attempts! Very fun level!
rate plis
Fun level, GG! :)
19 attempts (+ 3 coins). #1319
I liked it :)
neato burrito
very cool theme and creative coin route
FINALLY GOT A DESERVED EPIC LETS GO, GOODBYE GD
your mother
my name is rachel
moist but its wet
wet
Approximately how deep does the deepest depth go?
Really nice theme, and I haven't really seen a coin route like that before =)
i wounldnt really say a nine star, but does deserve the epic rating
Subermed
This dual ship + black orb here is kinda annoying but everything else is great
john cena
this is deep.
amogus
im loving the deco!!!! also its IH32 from function squad
i love aquatic themed levels
NO WAY NEW STUDT LEVEL 
GG
5000 stars YEEESSS GG!
this is epic  
There are many invisible speed changes, other than that is pretty nice.
gracias guitar ahora un nuevo demon para pasar
el que sigue dando dislike es gay : )
hermoso nivel vine del direto de guitar xd
Too messy in my opinion, the gameplay is really unreadable and i'm not really a fan of the design
AAAAAAAAAAAHHBHHHHHHHH AAAAAAAA 
happy to finnaly find  a good recent level
GG! 90 attempts, so many blind clicks that it's not very fun :(
here's a fkin idea MAKE YOUR GOD DAMN GAMEPALY VISIBLE.
el que da duslike es gay :)
GG! :)
Use the mp that the shotgun is for men haha GG all coins, 70 attempts.
Nice level :)
the first part be like 6 stars 
Credits: Domidios FF.
hard demon?
a 23 fps Dx
GG first *3 Coins* :)
gameplay plays really poorly and some transitions are bad
10 likes and i sleep in my toilet
f#cking amazing
stupidly late daily
wanna here a joke?            BTS
RobTop please consider not making the daily level due at 12am in your area
when the [noun] is [adjective]
I hate the people that ask likes...dumb
i feel like i am the creator of the worst daily level now lol
OK THIS IS LEGIT AWESOME
unique lvl :)
big chungus hotel
i wish there was an option for level creators to block some people from commenting
This daily took too long to get out
5 likes and i will eat my phone. im oviously gonna do it guys.
Bueno ya esta ALL COINS ;^,
pass leak 666223
This was sick
Dislikers are so unfunny that they dislike the top comments and their comment still cant get likes
this is like the future of Geometry Dash
friendly reminder to open your daily chests
Nice level gg...
Like for Randomix Dislike for Viprin
Definetely underated
you're very talented and underrated creator! keep it up! ;)
Wow its pretty
coin 1: jump over red pad at 18. pls dont make the coin completely invis, maybe add a ? or smth
Amazing, Sending to A few mods. Congrats!
Ofc Sent!
this is giving me Optical vibes right now.
robtop get yo yee yee ass computer over here
Really nice :) I love the whole thing even though some transitions could use work. Feature worhty!
pretty neat
star rate worthy, and maybe feature :)
wow, great effects :o
block design is meh and gameplay is ok, i love the effects though ;)
effects are amazing, execution is amazing, but the bg when there isnt an effect is meh
I did some improvements and bug fixes in the update
yo a mod gonna send this
I hope lol
Woah! This is amazing bro! :O Love the modern style and the unique effects!!!<3
i've said it once and i'll say it again, you're something else dude
conjunction junction whats your function
petition that mods shouldnt get top comment just for existing
Coin paths: 1st Coin:13%  2nd Coin:28%  3rd Coin:67% like :)?
I havent said it but i'll say it once, youre something else dude
photons travelling through an optic fibre cable at 299,792,458 m/s to display "i forgor" on a comment section
Never expected a modern remaster of X, weird but i quite like this
Like if Wulzy and HollowEarth should collab.
I honestly love this level, especially the gameplay
jollowearth
i hate dream
Good level, but so sad it ends on drop and feels repetitive.
Gamers
love this
wow i have creator points?
you either a dream stan or a stream dan
roblox isnt childish
lol i got 12 free stars from my own level
hey neat level friend :)
Perfect Chaos by Klementine would be a great first cp rate rob
"the storm is coming" whats that supposed to mean?
Epic momento
nice
Best cartoon level I have ever seen! definitely epic rate!
Cool
hot af
Like if you hate that f****** bunny
Epic rating?
that stupid bunny
though I am not a fan of MLP,I am amazed by this lvl.Epic bg,woderful sync..and epic art.
Awesome :)
robtop doesnt like my little pony :(
hi pog dragons
GG 70K stars :D
pretty cool :)
Thx chamo, nice level:)
Omg i didnt expect that. Tysm rob :D
Espero que alguien te lo mande :3
very very nice, love the little motivation bunny xd
maldito robtop no fuera un nivel de viprin por que asta le das epic >:/
Woah, hope this level gets more attention! You did an incredible work!
nifty!
Sometimes it is hard to tell what can kill you and what can't. Other than that is really cool!
The level is from the 1.9 GDPS - fantastic level!
amazing!!!
looks cool :)
Again this is made from the 1.9 Private Server. =D
damn this is cool
guess the 220 day wait was worth it
I love this
first cp rates when its been a while
hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
how 
Definitely one of my favorite 1.9 GDPS levels so far. Very well executed and unique!
this needs to be rated!!!
first cp rates
@Skltten sure buddy
YOOOO FINALLY RATED
cool that mid cube section is hard af
YOOOOOOO
33333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333
Two
SaaS
Four
Good :)
Off da chain
Okay :)
Me gusta el SAS
GG! :)
GG! 17 attempts :)
modo fix☆
Awesome Mistin-kun ><
Interesting level, pretty fun gameplay too :)
Cool! :)
this is some of the messiest and most poorly made gameplay ive seen in a while
not ok
GG! :)
YEAA BABY IT'S DONE! :D good job and im happy i gave the level to you instead of abandoning it :)
messy and gameplay isn't great
gg
hope it gets an epic featured as your first cp :)
Super Clean!
The gameplay is kinda wack tho, but very impressive for your first attempt of making a solo. :)
Saw a video of this yesterday, awesome level
Sick first level :o
Awesome! :D
Thanks for the support everybody! <3
Wow, comments from 3 different mods. I'm living in a dream
ey rob, i think theres a glitch. i dont seem to be getting any orbs when i die.
Really interesting ideas, but the gameplay is very annoying, especially on the first cube.
AMAZING!
wow. Just wow. I can't describe how good this is.
good god an amazing recent level! :DDD
The first cube is bugged for me making it impossible to play, hoping it gets fixed :(
so guuud
Like for Jinnans, dislike for Viprin
4k likes bruhhhhhh
#NoticeJinnans
Creative gameplay. like :)
Reminds me of Sayonara, anyone else?
Imagine this...A level named "Daily" being a weekly demon, Rubrub this is your moment :pog:
cauko shaggy
if this level gets demon in two days i will write "Yes"
hErE bEfoRE FeAtURE -------->
Weekly
Finally pog 
GG! :)
Weekly Daily
Rate this... I wanna demon
GG 49 attempts! :D
GG! :)
deaths at 87, 89 and 93 wow 450 attempts. thats not a easy demon
the dual ship is abhorrent
I hope to see this an easy demon soon.
super level, muze byt weekly :D
really fun gg
GG! :) 44 Attempts! Fun level!
Good job Gormuck. you are truley the second best of us lol
GG! 7 attempts :)
Here before rating  :)
this should be featured
very cool stuff c:
Gameplay could be better but I really like the art!
gameplay is pretty wonky in places, themes are alright but designs are lacking imo
very interesting but yea, try to improve the gameplay ^^
nice and clean, love the beginning transition too, sent
COINS: 1. 7% 2. Tap 3 times at 27% 3. Slide in 4 platforms at 74%, (minicoin 69%/70% --> coin 81%)
Cool design! However be careful about your gameplay who need works on it!
Not bad! Gameplay is a bit odd, but the arts and block designs are mostly neat!
=`w`=
How Are you Alderite?
Pretty cool ^^ 
its been 4 months since i found this and is still not featured where are you Robtop
It finally happened! =w=
awesome work brother, sent :)
cool lvl, the gp could be better, btw the lvl is decent ;)
Featured for sure
lmao it took rob whole 10 month to rate this
the gameplay at times was not great, but the designs were epic :)
dope
super probably level vibes
Btw guys I won the contest, so GG :D
Sorry if the gameplay isn't the best to sightread, ldm could help for the blending screen part
Coin guide: double click at 68%
Truly unique! Fascinating!
o yes bery smexy
hell yeah!!! love this level
love this
hah
Well this is really nice
GG 8700 stars :)
77% bug fixed
Obra maestra de arte :)
:/
funny number...?
oh shit here we go again
GG:^)
your kidding right..
este nivel es uno pero de los good 
Great lvl it was fun to play and not rediculously over decorated :)
Quality is a bit inconsistent but overall pretty solid
There are some really great parts, nice collab!
Certain parts are a bit meh, but the rest is amazing!
noice!
I really like some parts!! That's a good megacollab :)
not bad c:
GG! 6 attempts, pretty fun but there are way too many auto sections ;)
sick colors for the most part, could be more consistent overall but I like it!
#rateGlome
#RateGlome
GG! :) 27 Attempts! Very fun level!
muffin best part
GG! :)
TNC gang
Should be an easy demon ohnestly
We are TNC we are Legion..
Vamoooooooooooooooooooos tnc 
honestly should be epic
did he stop? 
GG #RateGlome
sooo a pro gamer move? i dont think so
I passed my drivers test and got my learners permit this morning, congratulate me
WHAT HOW?
No pos GG xD
ok playing this again i actually really like this lol
cool level picaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
32298 stars.
easiest 7* lol
FIRE
Epic!!
GG! 26 att owo .. sent to mods!
Good :D
Idk about featured, but this is definitely rate worthy. Glad I found that in the recent tab.
sent to lapis and incidius :)
fire gauntlet II
G
gg
fluked from 6% 2att gg xd
GG
#103
nice looking level! I'd love to see this featured one day. keep up the great work!
no more secret way B))
Keep creating, this is really cool and i love the theme but its a bit unrefined :)
1st Coin(12%): ignore green orb to get mini coin and touch invisible blue orb
why is there an invisible block here stopping you from jumping all the way up
Nice.
The visuals are great, remind me of Jonathan's levels. But the gameplay needs work tbh. Good job! ;)
Incredible stuff man. So nice to see the themed style not dead! :)
A
my second feaTuRed :).
yoyoyo second rate
mmmm this is medium demon
demon
Bruh the death effect at 88%
GG :)
this reminds me about undyne theme
Gg All coins! :>
underwater lands makes no sense
GG
same
I really like the gameplay, its very smooth! deco is kinda rough and empty tho, work on colors :)
really nice!!!!
lovely
This is a masterpiece. Outstanding job, Landon
this is sick
so glad this is finally rated! :)
love you landon! *full homo*
im sorry if the end looks lazy, i had to use objects sparingly.
this is dope
poured my heart into this one thank you guys. this is one year old on the 11th btw
Besides the slight drop in quality with the black and white parts near the end, this is neat! :D
Your best by far. Maybe high feature or epic. I love the originality and the colors are stunning.
Nice!
Really sick structures and rotations. I'd suggest getting someone to do your colors tho, sent
Is this Landon's whine?                                
nice!!
some parts are really unique, but the level in overall i feel it rushed. anyway good job
Incredible job. I love the gameplay in this, really unique and plays super well!
sorry guys but levels this old rarely get rated
whos here before rate?
sunshine... on my shoulders......... makes me happyy
when a song is more overused then at the speed of light
I bet this wont get rated, rob never rates star rates
free level!
If you die at the sunny part the suns face will become sad :(
nice
GG secret way at 8% lol
It was fun to make though
If this gets rated I will literally breathe☆
thanks framedpower
Something solid and a bit empty, looks good anyway. | Send to Mods.
HAHA FIXED YOU NERDS! THANKS FRAMEPOWER!
Playing at the same time as lapis lol. Nice!
GG FREE LEVEL! Thanks framedpower :D
gg thank you framedpower:)
Why The creators just seeing the level Gg Secret way why he Didnt Fixed it the secret way!!!
31k | GG!
wulzy sent this
GG huge secret way
thanks framedpower
This level I would like to play with my girlfriend but sadly I do not have, I am the only one..ye?
I'm dreaming
i cannot get the image of a dolphin swimming through space out of my head now
GG! 123 attempts, done with mbed over Parsec :)
Porfin esta terminado, un gusto aver participado en este collab :)
:'D
RATE THIS
Thank you @doriaan :D
Password: 001313 Like pls?
Hey there
sick
Please try not to spam guys.
I like it 8)
Nice megacollab! I hope this is rated someday :)
Cool idea!
nice :)
 433 atts GG! (ft nagibatorGad )
61 attempts, gg! beat with brother! free
this.. is what robtop made 2 player for
Beat with cousin, 932 attempts. Really straight forward GG :D
Technical
like si lo pasamos en el 2025
npestas lips dry as hell
:|
mmmm
no one will ever beat this, dashers like us are always alone:)
like if here before rate
Pass 210317 likes
pop off
I really want to see a single person play this.
techpesta
the hardest part about this level is finding a friend to play it with
Nice concept, sent!
i don't have enough hands
YOOOO HE GOT THE IRL LAG SPIKE
lol
Nechnical or tpesta?
this will not be on the list, unless someone verifies it solo.
imagine playing this solo
#RateCodependence
Guys this isn't a megacollab, names at the end are dedications!!!
Pretty good
This is actually amazing. Really nice pulses and color usage.
guess im first :P
GG! :)
Make sure to check out my ytb channel, I post daily! (guppy28 link isn't working)
Sick
absolutely fantastic
nice one!
epic rating for sure
YO RATE
i'm so happy this finally got rated
That was pretty fun :^)
ajoute quelques truc et je sends aux mods ^^
GG ;) 82 Attempts ;)
kto ot nelisa?
GG! 31 attempts, honestly this level is sort of weird but still a little fun ;)
WHY IS THIS NOT RATED
GG! :)
fun GP
Interesting levels, the colors could be better though
Nice atmosphere!
I like this level.
1st coin in the flying block with a spike on 9%
Pretty cool backgrounds, colors and foreground could be more interesting tho since its kinda boring
neat, could use some better colours but sent either way :)
ive seen way worse levels get fet featured give this man some cp
Very clean and enjoyable, sent! :D
Love it!
Not bad, but quite monochrome sometimes!
GG All Coins. Thanks to StalkerMaster for the 1st Coin :).
Good theming overall! Felt laggy but I still liked the experience :>
very nice
How is this still not featured even though like 10 mods sent it????
Oh my god this cool!
please rate this!!!
OMG finally rated
The backgrounds is really cool! good work :)
Amazing Work!
So good!
Wood fire pizza? Well how's pizza gonna get a job now??
Neat
York this is so well-made i wouldnt be surprised if it got first place :))
now THIS is a really cool and unique design of a level, definitely deserves feature
So chill... I love it! :0
nice!!
sweeeeeet
Effect-based levels like this are criminally obscure and underrated
>:/ type Biofluid, someone coppied it ;-;
dont do acid kids
YASSSS
GG UwU
bodily fluids
This is actually really cool. Nice work!
Why don't your levels get featured instantly the second they come out???
FINALLYYYYY omg this level is so period
Really nice color and clean!
pretty nice!
I wish a lot more modern levels were like this. Very nice level bro
kinda wish this was epic
You did an incredible level, hope this will be your first Creator Points!
Liek if here before Nexus
Like here Before Viprin!
KoTIFF,This Level Is REALLY Cool And It Deserves To Be An EPIC!   #DontGiveUp!
*featured
pass is 123580
who just liked
I love the first half! Second one was a little bit too dark but you did an incredible work anyway :D
Such a good recreation of the lazerblitz style! :0 Hope you get your first feature and maybe epic!
Like If You Played This Level :)))
we need to get this rated as an epic medium/hard demon. 
Amazing! the gameplay looks very fun!
Really nice level, I would say to work on your air decor and gameplay but I feel like it's rate wort
Sent to Autonick <3
pretty nice!
epic, tf rate this rob
Woah holy crap this is amazing :o
I wasn't expecting this!! This is level is pretty old, and it can be frustrating for some people
Also, special thanks to AliixGD! To this day, he kept requesting this lvl to get rated :D
GG! 133 attempts, very satisfying duals and the fluidity of moving objects helps both deco and GP :)
Very cool! sent :)
Oh.
this level rocks
6
Pretty cool
Cool! Sometimes the overlay is way too opaque but this is awesome
who here from the reddit
nice :)
like if I should make figures spawn a bit less frequently, dislike if not
I did it in 1 att, w score of 2 o.O
confusing version of tetris
Very cool, unique level that deserves an epic rating. Not quite hard enough for 8 stars though.
fun fact: it took around 1.5 years to get this rated. Thanks for playing, everyone!
A playable game inside not so playable game. Great work lad.
free
very interesting stuff :)
Not bad, and since it has been sent a couple times, I doubt it wont get featured
i have beated an 8 stars lvl in 1 att. im pro
Beeeee... so mush bugs(((((((
Got S
GG! 328 attempts :)
FINALLY!!!
Sent :)
Pretty cool with how the details and structures look, but its a bit messy :)
Amazing level, GG! :)
And Loltad uploads yet another amazing map.
China's atmosphere is described by this level.
this is super unique. definitely not the most polished level, but i like it a lot
Nice insane demon :)
This level still holds well even today. Designs go crazy and the gameplay is fun too! Sent.
best level in gd like actually
How do you build such good levels?
I love the unconventional structuring and cool designs, sent!
should be hard demon imo, gameplay was really fun btw, gg :)
insane!
I hope this gets featured too like Bad Trip
hard eeeeeeee
great level fun gameplay!!
Super unique
This is so good.
Nice work :)
im glad i could verify this its pretty hecka cool :D
nice deco not nice gameplay
wtf
705 attempts, I don't know for how much longer I could've lasted while playing this abomination
this is sick dude
I perfer my crocs grilled, but nifty
THIS IS NOT HATE, but she could improve on her gameplay a little bit
I hope you guys like it! :D again, tysm mbed x)
voltwave i agree, and thank you for being respectful about it ^^
cool level, sent :)
gameplay is awful but hey, criticising croc is punishable by death now so i cant say anything
GG! 108 attempts, very fun but better balancing is always appreciated ;)
gg 376 attempts. Very stressful experience, the second half is way too unbalanced.
GG! :)
I don't know about anything else, but I'm not as good as gameplay :(
gg
this is the kind of gameplay you'd find in a recent tab.
The name for this level comes from one of my favorite songs, "Poem of Rapture", by Sakuzyo :)
id say im half back
gameplay could be better but the design is <3
the gameplay isn't great but it looks amazing :D
If this comment gets 10 likes i will eat myself
now we have THREE rated demons named prismatic lol
now its medium demon.  wtf
MY FIRST HARD DEMON LETS GOOO
Gameplay could be better but the design is nice.
GG! 12 attempts, these transitions really should have been fixed.. good otherwise ;)
GG! :)
GG! :)
neat
pretty cool and good
cool
gg awesome :]
haze
gg 111 attempts :)
cool lvl!
why was i not informed of this
81 att, very nice design and enjoyable gp :)
Epic!!!
ok, who wasnt in the stream
This number does not exist. Please try again.
Who is from Poland and was interested to play beacause of the level's name?
2 likes to top comment?
youtube.com/watch?v=0tJGk4ofc18
Mom walks into danzmens room - danzmen: get out of my room im playing geometry dash!!!
A lot of Danzmens were harmed in the making of these levels.
this level is my name 
Typowy Seba
My name is SEBAstian
Who is here before feature?
666 Likes :o
Typowy seba kiedy buduje poziom XD
7/10 levels complete! Semi-modern level but still looks kewl
yeet yeet skeet skeet
omg i though danzmen released new level, atleast this got rated
my name is Sebastian!!!
seba z osiedla mi nadymil papierosem pod klatka lmao
Like if you were here before star rating
should be featured
when you can't nut
Why so little downloads and likes? Deserves epic easy demon imo. :0
oh wow another fruitsnack rate! nice! :D
i dont even want to know what his next level will be called
Very fun level, GG! :)
what a rather interesting level name
GG! :) 185 Attempts! 38200 User Coins, the gameplay is very easy to visually read! Very fun level!
im literally the stupidest player to ever play this game
When you die passed 90% twice in a row );
unfunny joke VVVVVV
nice demon, gg!
2.1k th
GG! 98 attempts :)
GG! :)
Yo Eric? Hey Eric Tile Dysfunction is super cool! U should try it sometime.         ;)
this is fantastic, especially for a 3 year old level, sad it got rated so late
come on guys that was funny
my tile is not functioning in its intended order
# 71 demons
Like si en el modo practica encontraste el secret way del 45%
another 2.0 garbage bossfight level got rate after five years. Sad
Needs feature!
deserves feature hope you get it ;)
should be featured!
Omg, This needs a feature :D, The art and gameplay are amazing!!! :D
hope u get featured
Amazing :0 Like!!
praytoentei
This is amazing! This needs to be featured!
has there even been a level with this song that doesnt have bad gp
These awful transitions don't make me wanna continue...
great!
GG Epic Level!
TIP: for the 2nd bossfight all you have to do to survive is stay between the top and middle lasers
1 ?
blind gp like this is y im so scared of 2.2
Stay brave, Dave.
should be featured!;)
How to get feauture:1.If your a starter and make a good level and want feauture dont comment onurlvl
first came NC levels now come horizon levels
petition for renn mod                      ^
Slava Bebrou?
super groovy level!!!
like if you have not 1, but 2 balls !
like if you were here before feature:
This better be daily. I summon you Rob!
Gameplay and deco are really nice! definitly rate-worthy
Slava Marlow vocoded to gangta's paradise
ti slava marlow?
like if you wish u are good creator.
Understandable have a good day
Slava bebrou?
Sup
imagine if robtop puts CraZy III as daily
hey sorry lol ill respond between runs i wanna get further
10 likes and i say the name of my crush in a post
marlow is a paradox
there should be a daily chat hall of fame
1like for my right eye its in pain ):.
GG Rap
FORTNITE SUCKS GD RULES
Gameplay is quite wacky, even though you didn't care about it much.
password 978522 like this comment so others can see
how many times should we go over this, invisible speed changes are a not cool
A sightreadable level from Pica?                                             I must be dreaming...
when you drop soap on the floor is the soap dirty or the floor clean?
i love it <3
ok fatrat is good but he is SO overused its annoying
not focusing on gameplay is not a valid excuse for bad gameplay (which was good if speed portals weren't invis)
Amazing song, great level GG!
The funny number
nice but too much glows.
Amazing level! No people in 1.0 even thought about this!
bad gameplay
nostalgia song :')
la cancion es EPICA esa Cancion ES SIMPLEMENTE EPICA
MINECRAFT INTRO
The gameplay is a lot of fun. And the decoration and the style Very Cool!
this song is amazing
IMPRESSIVE!!
cool
first coin is at 49% at the question mark
Have a good day and be humble. ^^
bonito
This is amazing! Nice work. <3
chill level!
The title is exactly what everyone fears when they are near the end of a hard level
dont see sh1t the level
Nice
restart the universe!
I keep dying there
both coins!
cool
very cool 
gg
In my profile i have a menssage for you <3 (not spam)
luanmer song yesssss
zaebic'
LUANMERRR
cool
Es un nivelazo, a que si peter?
Ponedme con Mineber y Peter porfa
Concuerdo, Mineber
8 likes and i will make chicken for you
ok so        every student   at my school has tiktok      should i transfer
i can count the pixels in the glow
I can't sleep
Hola buenas
Hows daily today
guys my uncle is cool can i get top comment
Damn
I support LGBTQIABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ!
colorado + potato = colorato
Fortnite sucks. Like if you agree!
nivel diario
fun level
O-oooooooooo AAAAE-A-A-I-A-U- JO-oooooooooooo AAE-O-A-A-U-U-A- E-eee-ee-eee AAAAE-A-E-I-E-A- JO-ooo-oo-oo-oo EEEEO-A-AAA-AAAA
why is gamora
the mods are doing a race of who can poop the biggest in the chipotle's bathroom
this is some of the BEST gameplay ive seen
To get the first coin at 6%, hold at the very beginning of the level, as you convert to robot.
Nice, sent :)
VAMOSSSSSSS ROBTOP VAMOSSSSS!!! GRACIASSSSSSSS
so clean
lei "en calama", que es la ciudad en la que vivo xd
<3
for the first coin hold at the beggining to bea robot, then jump to it. 2nd coin look up at ufo
Fun fact: If you hold Jump right before the level starts, you will start as robot. 
spam al inicio para obtener robot y luego moneda
Hermoso logo xD
pinche bug arreglenlo xd PUTOS!
y la mila >:c
i swear 4* levels like these are so calming after finishing a cancerous demon
Amazing level! ;D
gg all coins! :)
fino senores
sus
the song creator thisisthefatrat
cool
I love that first coin :)
My finger slipped and I reported the level
Respect, power, banana
I believe I can fly. I believe I can touch the sky. :)
epic map i am now dizzy
they werent lyin, those heights do be dizzyin
this fail dedicated to oasisx
This is clean :D
It's a nice level. But the ship part gets supper laggy. I hope you add ldm :)
Amazing atmosphere! :)
pritty
This lvl is considered experimental because it uses slopes
flas
my comment wasnt a joke btw i dragged my thumb across my phone and it just insta reported
awesome
30 likes and i will eat wood toy
GG I like it
Very good level, GG! :)
Great in all aspects
cool:)
cool and good 
like for free N-pass
:D
Ok so you are kalium and i am davy
cool but it isnt very clear where to go in the orange wave
The wave part was a bit chaotic.. Although the level was nice, GG! <33
Did anyone else get bruh'd by that spike after getting out of the level?
Holy clean transitions
boring gameplay, details are impossible to sightread, and some timings are just awful.. ok at best
Why
?
Cool colors
Visually pleasing but incredibly hard to read, especially that wave
gg
;-;
GG. 36,799
if this becomes daily chat, then I pray to god it isn't cancer nor like if comment spam
GG
a bit buggy
GGWP XD ;) TOP LEVEL 165 ._.
The gameplay is so awkward. But the design is very smooth! Well done!
Plot Twist: He's lying
Interesting but too easy for 8* 
I got 95% now pity me and give me likes :)
like for boy/girlfriend. (auto like)
Too many players. I suggest all daily chatters move to Minecraft.
Relax im just testing stuff. Your beautiful levels are back. Unfortunately so is recent...
epileptic levels are amazing
the arrows at the end look so much like spikes o_o
have anyone ever wondered how much epileptics must have had seizures over gd
DDoS + new all time high player count. Not a good combo
make this top comment before robtop comments
AMAZING AND FUN!
daly 
I love the color combination! seems very unique :D
Like this comment if you like this comment
I F Y O U L I K E . . N O T H I N G O U T O F T H E O R D I N A R Y W I L L H A P P E N ! ! 
10 likes and i yeet my phone
hello random person reading this comment
Fun fact: this song is in the same scale as Among Us Drip ... C minor
I support LGBTQIABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ!
NO WAY
the block design is rather empty, but this is still a solid level! star-worthy imo ;)
when the drop is drippy but you want that chocolate chippy
Why did adele cross the road? to say hello from the other side
title = drippy dub + dark drop
estoy bien menso xD
gg, thanks for making my first 7 star congrats on the feature :)
bruh :/
this will be daily
The falling out of the map bug at 83 should now also be fixed :)
Thanks for 6900 likes and 69K downloads lol
when the drip is respectable but the chips are impeccable
you should go check out his twitch its ch4rlie_03
Amazing level. I said it before and Ill say it again. This will be Daily
gg 5 attempts 1 coin
Its so hardd, damnn :(
god level
Nice song and gameplay! Made my day ;)
well done bro!!! really deserve it ;)
s u s
Will rate more in a bit, food time
Hola
i hope rob doesnt eat a planet
Now you can go back to the important discussions that you usually have in daily chat...
Maybe emotes in 2.3
below is liar
5 likes and I reveal my age
Just did a quick reboot, carry on
dislike this
Im trying to keep the servers alive you need to make better jokes if you want me to appear
Hola
Simple, but the execution rocks
This place is an abomination, and the one who coded it should be exciled
i have absolutely no recollection of building in this whatsoever
I died at the FUNNY NUMBER
No one belongs in daily chat
i'm sad :(
@ChiasCat ... then dont do it
@Potuc - Ok thx I wont
people jokes arent funny. : Back on track is the hardest extreme demon is funny
See ya guys in 2.2!
You guys should grind some stars instead of trying to get top comment
how to make bad gameplay: add upside down wave
don't look at my percent
unpopular opinion: geometry dash is a good game
"See ya guys in 2.2!" means I don't have much time for creating cause I have a lot of work to do rn
hackers be like: 011010101010101010101
yeah seeing gormuck with mod is pretty strange
dont get discord worst mistake of my life
how do yall build levels so quickly i just sit there at the editor and do nothing
GG! :)
like if homophobia is bad
advertisements are horrible, ads shouldnt exist
1 like = 1 like closer to 1 like
I will send your levels to mods! 
your mother is a lovely woman
i like how people say trolls are annoying without realizing they're complimenting the trolls
you guys hate amongus?
i love simple levels like this, great job!
@GDn04h Nope! Platformer is a mode that you can activate in your levels
zhiana is cool ig and the level is amazing
vibe
THEY SEE ME SLEEPWALK
very hot
god this is so amazing
this is so awesome what da heck
this level is so good dude it makes me mad why is it so good
This is actually STUNNING.
whoa, this is awesome! I love it :)
noice as always
what
this is the kind of level we dream of creating :) amazing job!! 
rerate @robtop u misclicked
i love this level so much, this has so much charm to it
im awake you doofus
Best level of the year! <3
Ending is kinda lazy but i really like this! very charming style to fit the song
This is my favourite level in all GD history.
im here cuz of wulzy
Wow this is an amazing experience
i like the details :)
Amazing! I love how the vibes of this level puts a smile on my face!
moving objects, confusing portals, and invisible portals that arent shown in the costum art
Garbage ldm
Tu ldm es una kgada
had to beat this 4 times because it crashed the other 3 times i beat it
i cant tell what those custom portals are.
liking this comment is brought to you by RobTop. One like = 1 second sooner that 2.2 will come out.
Love it! :D
the moving hitboxes are REALLY annoying, otherwise this level is really cool :)
laggy and gameplay is annoying
Like si eres de movil :(
Clean designs but could have been optimized a lot better.
Coin in the 44%
that stupid green orb is so obnoxious
Like if here before epic
Awesome :)
Amazing
gp
Thanks for the dedication.
bro this is not normal... this is hard
wake up babe new rawin banger
It hurts so bad
the levels is cool and looking good but the gameplay is confusing ngl
Party on layer 13!
dude this is too good
yess people need to use this guy's songs more
What game is this? This aint GD anymore
Very nice level, but there are some confusing parts, preferably it was 4 stars
Very cool level :)
GG 160k stars! :)
so confusing lvl 
5 stars
What?
freaking amazing btw
i went into the editor of this level and went to layer 23 just to see if there was a burrito
what were you on when you made this?
i bet the creator of this is on drugs
Captures such an interesting atmosphere, I love it
Eyegasm
Cool beans
The amount of likes is how old I am, goo-goo gaa-gaa
Pretty cool
LETS GOOO
No way, a generic effect/experimental level with gameplay that isnt awful?
Thanks everyone, yall the best <3
well at least it plays well
GG Cool Gameplay! :) 
That reminds me of map pack levels, I didn't like this at all, gg tho :3
Very interesting, good level! 
this ain't gonna get daily sadly
well that was quick xD
gg all coins
this is loads of fun to play!
Magic method at its finest ;)
Beans are awesome
Nice duck
1 attempt, love the vibe this gives off
GG, somehow 1 attempted this! Very satisfying and sight-readable gameplay. Good visual design too!
gg
8 Cps soon... "CARAJO NO RESUBAS MAS ESTO QUE ESTOY CANSADO DE REPETIR LO MISMO" 
Cool level, sent :)
coin 1: 1%     coin 2: 32%     coin 3: 58%
8cps pronto,Gracias por el nivel :D
It was nice to collab with you, hope it will get rated! :3
cool song and cool style but theres hardly any visual sync unfortunately
fun coins
All your levels complete with all coins!
la parte de diabolo es hermosa xd
gg all coins:)
@Rann0x: x2832
hola soy ranos 8 cps sooooon......... again agiannsjssnw8nddiidfa AAAAAA fck
like: Anuar   Dislike : Diablo
8 CPSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS AL FINNNN
16 att
GGGG Anuar :)
anuar mandame un salito desde aqui saltillo coahuila en venezuela
SIII GGG
GG! All coins! :D
XeraSomar
to collect the 1st coin you need to hold when you reach the last letter A in the word REAL
sweet :)
NICE LEVEL
groovy and super fun, nice job :)
GG
Cool level :) Remove that spike tho :(
ooo ooo aaa aaa
ALL COINS! NICE DARITE
extreme good level love the rainbow detail of the level keep up the good work!
i like that rainbow effect, and finally an effect level without bad gameplay
im literally vibing with this! pretty interesting, keep up the good work
i like this
gg
really cool
Like if you thought the stars could kill you
cool! :)
cool effects
GG! All coins, fun gameplay :)
colors look so cool when theyre used like this
i got invited
keys are at 21%, 40%, 57% now leave and like =)
Nice effects :)
Do 1.9 rates please
Could be more polished/cohesive but damn this lvl is a bop
comment flagged as spam
Looks cool but gameplay suck's
digital balls
here is a secret way
Bastante bueno!
Fun fact: poop backwards is poop
que bonito es ver como mejoras sigue asi
Agoti XDD
gg 29 attempts 1 coin oops
congrats
Petition to put this instead of Generation Retro on Poison Gauntlet.
BUY DIGITAL DASH NOW !!
#51 gg
Otro rate mas, que capo!
gg virtual
GG! with the coin
glarnold
guys how did glarnold post a comment before me i literally just uploaded the level
this is so good
lmao that was a fast rate. also secret ways have been patched
1st Coin: Skip Dash at 4% And Pick The Small Coin, Coin 17%. 2nd Coin: Skip Pad Going Up At 59%
2 likes are enough to be in the top section
Can't beleive you jumped on the trend and made a cloud level :stare:
i was below the clouds xd (secret way at 37%)
jk it's amazing you've improved so much and this should've been epic imo
its dedicated to meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Dude this is so beautiful! You've improved so much... And gg on the lightning fast rate lmao
GG dude :) sick lvl 
It sucks how small the character limit is on this game. Don't you just hate when you run out of roo
this level is really good, the second part is my favorite, I really liked the colors and the atmosphere
gg secret way!
:OO Incredible art!!
KnockOut49
This is incredibly fun, well done!
i wish my potato could procces this
Should Be Epic
How is this a damn 5 star LOL
Gameplay is atrocious in every way possible
It had potential, but the gameplay is not fun, colours clash and 75-100 is near-empty.
gameplay sucks
First half: great deco, annoying gameplay ||| Second half: empty deco, fun gameplay
this gameplay is awful
gameplay sucks, sucks ass.
Worst 5* press here if strongly agree -------->
gameplay was almost good but some parts ruin it and last part is lazy, pretty cool level though
Horrible gameplay, Deco is very weird and not good, and the desing is bad.
ending is so rushed :(
GG 99,000 Stars! The Final Stretch <3
Excellent ;)
Overdecorated
bad gameplay
oh my god are you kidding me
gameplay is weird
this gameplay is bad
maybe 6-7 stars .. ? idk ???
There was so much effort put into it, but GP is not great and deco is good but really messy. :/
get this to 1 like and i get top comment
gameplay is kinda bad tbh
Hello Stargrinders
pls help , how to make good gameplay , i really dont know :(
This Boy Wanted Star Rate...
Please make the jump pads move with the blocks Im having a panic attack
good level, but the gameplay is really bad
pondre el nombre de robtop para tener mi primer cp : el nivel
Harder + Medium = Hard
this gameplay is dog water
Robtop Games :)
the names game, robtop game
omg its the demon song
Guys, be nice to Epoc. He's still new, and his gameplay won't be the best. At least try to help him.
That's not how gameplay works.
34003 stars!
Coin: Jump and then tap once you are on tap of the red orb.
i absolutely adore the deco, gameplay can be worked on for sure, but the colors are amazing
This level's existence feels like a rate-beg, but on its own I like it. Original gp & cool bgrounds.
you must touch all orbs on ufo 
also known as your mom
this is fire
GG! :)
i like the execution in some parts, but overall it's just a bit too inconsistent quality wise :p
this name reminds me of your mom
This looks really good. As Wulzy would say "This is eye candy"
GG! :)
bro I hit all the blocks in spider spam and still died
GG! 45 attempts, really don't like the spam at the end :(
looks unreal, insanely hard!
Pass-072521
hard!!!
GG Epic!
GG ON MOVILE!!!
10/10
the end is so bad
the last spider is the worst part i think
40k stars and 1100 demons!! Super fun level! :))
cant see -_-
time to add to my list of holes ive experienced
The design of the name card at the start seems familiar, can't tell why tho.
pass: 122020
nice logo
whats with the brazzers font
that name thing looks awfully close to a thing I watch....
Oh god is that song again...
never heard this song before...
esta song es regod, buen duo amigos <3
Darkdro"ZZ" in yellow, nice :0
i like Darkrozz's logo 
Like this comment if you shouldnt like this comment
i lost a bet and now i have to use the among us cube for a week
esta wea deberia ser epic
GG 8)
nice logo, reminds me of something
nostalgic song
1 like = more chance to epic rate
The mapping at the beginning is strangely off beat...
this song is so overused to the point where i dont like it at all
ayo darkrozz i recognize the logo........
fixed this stupid ass secret way now ok
that invisible slope killed me
Hold from 23% to 30%
amazing vibes!! will be featured soon ;)
11 att second coin is very hard to get bruh
gg calm level :)
not bad!
something went wrong...
Designs, structures, and atmosphere are all beutifly executed. 
noice :)
Very Nice level!! I make top 8! :D
Nice atmosphere
gg
GG Both Coins.
something not bad
colors are kinda repetitive but the atmosphere is pretty solid
33952 stars.
GG! 1 coin
GG! 100%
please dont put a dual at then end man, otherwise this slaps 
61 is bugged on ldm
I shit my pant after taco  bell (sad story)
eggs (optional)
._.?
G
my EX friend got another featured, just why did he unfriended me? :(
GG! :)
gg 2att nice lvl
lol I beat it in ldm, didn't know a blue portal was deleted in it but it's still possible 
wait what
bruh
:)
i like it
?
gg
I like this level :)
GG's. Cool level, but it does get to be quite repetitive.
Hi dubstep
61 sucks rebuild that part for the love of god
gg
like if you died at 19%
A TVROOM SONG YES! I asked him to make a Newgrounde account so Im happy to see him being used :)
sure its rate worthy and fun to play, but not a featured level, good level nonetheless!
oh no i died in a 5 star level?! I'm really good at this game, so it must mean bad gameplay.
why do people dislike the gameplay? i thought it was fun. I like the style too very vibey
grasp an ass to eat trash
bruh half of these comments rnt even helpful. they just hurt
Loving the vibes man B)
this is so empty
idk why people are complaining about gameplay because it plays just fine?
Is no one gonna talk about how much the song absolutely slaps?
How many stars do you want?
i didnt like this level sorry
That description sounds like you're grasping something else
how tf can you hate this level? this community man
hated the gameplay
EYYY
nice level, it calms my soul. And of course this level deserves a rating. It's not boring.
GG 120k stars! :D
level's a bit empty. also the placement of some of the gravity portals is annoying
telling schizophrenics to get real
what if we kissed in the hotel rooms
NO ONE wants to kiss in hotel rooms harbour. Go AWAY!
fart
pretty cool ngl
get real but the get is pronouced your and the real is pronouced mom
so you think i'm not real and i should get one... that's kinda strange ngl
helpful
your atmosphere is always really good
the backrooms
bruh what youre so good
nice tip after die 2 time on orb "click later" :/
Wtf since when did you get more cp than me                sick level
GG! :)
better be your first epic i stg
get lag
Real is too hard... I'll get Rekt instead.
oh wow!
47th on leaderboard yay
i got real, thanks
suddenly everyone is using moaning anime girl song
overall, its not bad, but i would have liked to see a bit more in-depth designs :)
Fi$h
I really like the designs and colours but the glow screen in front of everything makes it look messy
Someone else felt the song its like an anime moan girl?
A N I M E    G I R L    N O I S E S   I N T E N S I F Y I N G
Nice!!! :)
Can someone explain to me why we're mad about the anime girl..? Like, is that a bad thing?
I know creators love to use glow, but scaled-up glow makes the level look too pixelated for my liking, ruins the experience for me
Not bad
Cool
I can't stop hearing anime girl noises....
Dorami: TABLE MOMENT!
funny.........
gg perfect transicions very good level ;)
i like it but its a little laggy on mobile
amazing gameplay
i wish i could make levels like this
hay un poco de nivel en tu lag
godlike level
awesome gp and effects! i think there could be more variety in the air deco tho, and colors feel off
72924096- this is quasarxapex copy of this level please go on his account and report it.
Disbalanced ship.
please ban quasarxapex!
(:
That last coin was too hard
pekne
holy crap this is cool
this "jelly" block effect is so cool!
love it ! so beautiful
cool colors! :)
amazing artwork and design, and awesome gameplay! (great song too:)
1 att! Amazing level with an amazing song!
good
GOOD ! gg ! :)
wow this was deceptively easy! good work good color scheme
this level is amazing. one of my favorite 5 stars :)
cool level
nice :)
gg 77 attempts first two coins last one is 2pro4me :(
Raid Shadow Cheetos Car Insurance
Thank you all for playing Impossible Jump: Dash Geometrical
This Daily was sponsored by Raid Shadow Legends.
Normal > Mod
We are.. BATMEN
The normal one, in a wave of mods.
enjoy
15 likes and I ban Peter for a minute
Quite nice and fun to play. Nice work :)
OK new mods hear me out, remember that this chat is private and you shouldn't leak for any reason
OMG Mod
This chat is like a gas station bathroom, it smells horrible but too many people wanna use it
rob el don comedias
like si tienes mod pero no puedes dar rate
Fun Gameplay :)
like if here before rate
like para salir en el video de guitar
Hey!! @Heda I got banned for one minute. U know why??
like if fortnite trash dislike if love fortnite
fernan el crack
I love that transition to the part under water. Amazing job :)
art and details are a bit unpolished but the ideas here are quite intreguing
This level is so good <3 Hope to see ur first creator points!!!
I feel like I've seen this exact level in the awarded tab a few days ago. sus
Amazing level. I love this atmosphere :)
I got it
1 att lol
that anime voice ruins the whole song
More first cp rates?
1 att gg
Thats Cool!
gg top 50 and 5.72k stars :)
31,000 stars
nice atmosphere and fun gameplay :)
Very Good, this level is amazing
gg 1 att
Dont make objects bigger than normal. It loses quality
love the level, but im not so sure abt the anime girl noises O_O
GG!
This level is the reason why i play this game
hey
Fluke from 27 omg, really awesome level
Now idk if this is gonna get insane or extreme but it was INSANELY FUN. Gg first victor gamers
ok which 6 year old rated it insane
nice to see a really cool extreme drop. its been a hot minute
OBS RECORDED A BLACK SCREEN I GIVE UPPPPPPPPPP
Great :)
yay!!! level featuree
Why
I verified an update to this a few days ago and was also first on mobile but it's not out yet :(
new fortnite location sounding lit
Plese fix the bug at 60%, could just be a 60hz thing but it literally makes the level unplayable
My first Extreme Demon after 3 deaths past 88% GG
hard level
man i really hope this stays extreme, legit one of the funnest extreme demons out there atm
GG 1,595atts, First Victor In Korea :3
when the lights are lonely
60fps bug at 60% pls fix :D
there we go
fun fact:Robtop is rate now only unknown extreme demons,known extreme demons he say no thx
let`s goo
This is the "Abyss of Darkness" we deserved.
i beat abyss of darkness
let that sink in
solsta
OwO Whats This
YOOOOOOO, ABYSS OF DARKNESS RATED!!!! :pog:
i cant believe owo whats this is gone forever
153,000 stars. GG! :)
@Lunarshade60 yeah, its been four years with owo whats this, i got bored of it
interesting
abyss of shartness
oh my god aod is verified!!@!@!!@!111
Coin : dont click after the last cube portal
So happy to see this verified, what a monumental acheivement for the community.
where tf is the coin
bulgarian likes this level
Thanks! Now i can finally say i beat Abyss Of Darkness
im beating aod
abyss of fartness
178,000 Stars, GG! :)
Would love this to be rated and daily but the end sucks
What do you even do at the end
i died by chasing the butterfly :(
Que maldita obra maestra owo gracias por las dedicatorias
Pretty good but there are many places where you can die unexpectedly.
epic
beautiful level. epic feature rob?
listen and relax :)
thank you for a bug that wants to me to destroy milky way galaxy and become ape
Hermoso Necesita Rate :D
super hermoso bro epic
1st Coin: Go up at the 34% in the wave. 2nd Coin: Free, Just Complete The Level :)
how did i get the second coin?
jeje
86 percent 86 orbs
Quite interesting, GG
Super
GG Que Wen Nivelazo! :D
good gameplay, good deco. this is nice
GG! :)
Medium rare (the level)
GG! 23 attempts :)
Polishing update by nmav7 ;)
GG! :)
I adore the theme of this
It's back 8)
The atmosphere is stunning! Review given in Broyquests. This is super fun to play!
each like i will rebeat this
I quit
YEEES GG 956 OMGI BEAT IT MY FIRST HARD DEMON!!!!!!!!!!!!
Escape The Roses complete!!! escapo :'
This level and it's creator deserve to be popular. Really, this is masterpiece
GG ;) 75 Attempts ;)
Ive never once beaten a medium in 33 practice attempts on mobile. Okay.
gg 373 att!!! 21st victor!! also my first hard demon!!
gg 345 att
GG very fun and one of the best looking levels imo
gg
GG! #1547
If your a dream stand, your cringe (Watch the dislikes role in...)
Easy send
finally, i found the point of the mask
thats what the mattress
trans men will never be women, and trans women will never be men. culture shock eh? #TransRights2021
The mask is my favorite jim carrey movie and my favorite geometry dash level
holy shit
dream's chanel is Dead untill he release new video
Neat backgrounds
I have passed the gamer trial so now I must game
and when they ask me how im doing i say "im just fine" AND WHEN THEY ASK ME HOW IM DOING I SAY "IM J
I hate on Dream stans for hours at a time
Where are the normal pills
Dream mask SUS remix is better
seriously the animation video looks weird like why is there a chin inconsistency
nobody likes dream, hes terrible
I cant get off of my matress
damascus
nice bgs
100%
please dont wait for me, im slow af
If I have a lot of cp it doesn't mean I have to build for that. I'm just building if I want :>
For 3rd coin you have to skip all the orbs in the last robot part!
dajesz adzia!!
This level isn't bad, however the blocks feel outdated and boring as well as it's really static :|
One of the best levels I've seen in Magic section in a while!
63% perfectly represents the difficulty of round 63 in btd6
Love as always!
I was thinking it was simple, until the effects came and they hypnotized me, great job texic :)
clean designs, good usage of bg space, and really fun gp ((=
Nice level texic
Cutee!!! <3 Best couple forever!!!
nice work
Pretty empty at some parts, but good designs and gp. Rate?
I quite like this, it just seems a bit empty overall though.
i love this 
Whats the music offset?
how..
cool, I recommemd 6 stars
GG! :)
GG! :)
you popped off fr.
the bron jame
gameplay just declines throughout the level, not fun
no ur fake asf and yo shoes fake too
good level:)
the space part at the end is really good wtf
GG! 20 attempts :)
the phases of the moon
fluke from 4% lol
ldm is not enough, pls uldm
why does this look like toe 2 crossed with blast processing crossed with electroman adventures
76,000 stars! Done in school lmfao ;)
I saw the Trollface at the end! Nice level :)
PASS:000888
demon #250, 36 attempts. pretty accurate 1.9 impression with a twist :) thank god i didn't die to the end
BACK TO BACK FUC OFF
that got unexpected
eh
nice, just wish the ending was less laggy
Like - danil shluha, dislike - danil top
Legendary Kotletka :D
tvoi yroven top on ochen krasivi
simple dimple and pop it sucks! kotletka is better
s pureshkoi
Really good level! Nice job :)
Kotleta vkusnaya pizdets
pureshki ne hvataet
Magic tab again
Prikolniy level, Ya natural ksta
K0T + /\ET0=K0T/\ETA
very boring and bland gp considering its 6 star
Top kotletka! Zdy sosisky!
prikol
BLYAT CDELAU ULDM
GP is fun, deco is amazing. This should be rated! :D
m a g i c  k o t l e t k a  o m g  u w u  o _ o
kotleta kakaya??
o katleti) p.s. ya lubly katleti
This is really good! I hope it gets epic!
Sorry if it might look empty, and weird in transitions, but releasing this was important for me.
beautiful! thx for the dedication nico :3
That last part is so good, i love the colors!!
Transitions need some serious work. Outside of that, I love the theming, great execution! :)
1 coin: fall at 18% into block and at 34% use blue orb in cloud. 2 coin: skip green orb at last part
This is awesome, Nico!
beautiful
Amazing work
cute
the 79% transition is too sudden. please give the player more time to react
Guys btw for the first coin you can even avoid the portal on the top.. is much easier
awesome!
Es bellisimo :)
Oh I didn't see the comment you made, sorry :(
hardest 33% ever
sounds like an fnf song lol
Genial :O
I pause-abused the shit out of this level because my sight-reading skills are just that bad.
like this comment for free deez nuts
Beautiful level! Also 1k stars!
#racist
i read it as why are u gay XD
What gray specifically, there are 50 shades of em
Dont Read The Name Wrong...
Glowmosexual
Why are you gay
To get coin: tap twice to collect coin at the end of bottom platform. Coin will teleport.
"who says i am gray?" "you are gray"
bruh bc thats my name
she said she wanted a bad boy, im so naughty i did 3 jumps eehehehe
:)
I saw it flash to why are you gay
Why are you gray? Why are you running? Why are you crying? Why are you gay? Why did you break it???
it's like a 2* but more gameplay
why are you gay
why are you gay
why are you gay
im not gray im gay
incredible :)
gg 9 attempts couldnt figure out the coin :(
Who a stoner?
:)
GG All Coins. For 3rd Coin: Jump over the yellow orb at 86%.
me gusta el estilo, pero siento que hay partes que estan algo vacias, pero sin duda buen nivel :}
NICE
Cool level :)
bugged? it bounces off the thing at the bottom
gg.
2,000 user coins owo
awful gameplay
GG's. 3 Coins. Nice level!
Thanks to AIGDMaster for the 3rd coin :).
Rate Merecidisimo! GG!
Cool level bro! :3
Lets goo
:)
quite clean
GG! All coins! :)
not funny number
GG
did anyone see the 2.2 sneaky peeky? :O
Like This Commet If you Saw The 2.2 Sneak Peak!
Amen
the number of likes this comment have, is the number of minutes i wont breath
thats very smarted of you
I agree with the description
El castigo de nuestra paz fue sobre el. Isaias 53:5
Level: peace, Also level: has constant sawblades and spikes trying to kill you.
Amen <3
YAY JESUS LEVEL YAYAYAY
Nice
well hello there :o also if you like this comment the like icon will turn GREEENNN
whoa...
Fun fact: you cant taste your tongue
5 STARS??????
Why the top comments are about the sneak peek?
Awesome dude!!!!!!!!!
Beautiful level ! Good job! :)
did rob forget how to epic levels?
Awesome!
OMG i can finally get a top comment because the level has my name
That 2.2 sneak peek was something, daily chat?
Thank you for the dedication :)
just because you have default icons doesn't mean you're a noob at gd
like if you were at the 2.2 sneak peak!!!
yooo tysm Rob! I can say my level was daily the day the 2.2 sneak peek came out :)
Get the coin by pressing the green orb before it TWICE REALLY FAST!
like if u want 2.2 to come out in september
LETS GO #1 ON THE DAILY
Like if you think Robtop should go back to making smaller updates
why do people still fall for like if comments
i think the 2.2 teaser was good
1 like=its hard to get top comment :'(
Like if the 2.2 preveiw was cool
females exist, they are a experiment to see how much people can hold due to lack of pockets
That sneak peak was COOL!  The level was cool too I guess ;-;
Saying  "number" is offensive to people who don't like math smhhhhhh -________-
hi daily chat
society if people who still did "/\/\/\" just admitted they wanted likes
210 att, i hate it.
how do people even have the energy to dislike/like a comment
why does every creator have to add some shit transition to their otherwise good level
I hate the people who say " rob sucks at rating becaus eh ehasn't rated the new top 1 demon "
s
Make this epic
GG!Good level 20/10
awesome!!! id send this. really neat modern
it is extremely beautiful!!
Cool arts!
So Cool! :D
Could have been epic, but I dont like that 31% transition.
nice!
1 att gg
impresionante el gran creador aue te haz comvertido:)
My 299th level beat!
16 att GG Amazing level
Linda Cancion :)!!
Awesome level :) I love it !
Really Cute!
Like for epic :D
50 likes wow!
Nice level
Wow, I got featured, thanks!
really liked the level, will send to mods :)
esto debe ser un easy no un hard
fast
@StellarPi - How long did this take you to make? It's really good :D
100 likes, thanks!
Nice level, good luck. :D
GG.  ;-)
Good :)
10000 downloads, yay!
The guy under me is right
congrats on ur first cp :)
This is really good for a first level
free coinssssssss
Realy good level for your first! I like it :)
GG FIRST CP!
free coins :3
hope this gets rated!!!:)
overall ok level. Make sure to fix the click indicators in the last dual, I know at least one was wrong x)
hermoso :)
20000 :D
96,000 stars (servers, stop being offline pls!!)
Did you know sky backwords is yks, and yks backwords is sky, mind blowing
Rainbow Blocks ._.
I like the gameplay, some designs are a bit messy, overall cool work :)
ayo lutie it aint xmas fix yo calender
GG! Bastante divertido. Buen nivel.
This deserves be daily level
Nice level ! But only BG merges with the decor.  <3
The level is quite overdecorated, but it's fun and challenging! Good Job!
Nice ;)
Awesome
gg :)
fun gameplay !
Hcreator
Nice!
w
GG! Fun GP:)
get this to 3 likes so i can get top comment
flows like krazy
petition for this to turn back into insane demon
added 60hz mode so that the bg doesnt break
98 x6 cool
The first cube is like a mix between acu's first cube and shatter's first cube
the dual part is a hell..
nice
i honestly dont find the dual to be that confusing. i find it to be really fun
GG! 103 attempts, one of my favorite hard demons :)
GG! :)
This is a hard demon like Cataclysm is an insane demon. Change this back to insane ffs
imagine dying at 96 lul
i was gonna try to beat this until the impossible dual showed up, then i went no no mister
GG segundo insane demon
oh shit a rat
im too lazy to learn duals
yeah imagine
GG Finally !!! 97x3 1341 att
the comment below me is so fight. XD
your stuff is always super nice and this is no exception. actual banger
holy crap this is MAGICAL
love love love this
1st move trigger (for coin 1) is above the first arrow. 2nd trigger is below the next, and so on
This should be first page featured tbh.
AMAZINGGGGGGGGG
coolness 10/10 badness 0/10 spiritual awakening 72/10 sub to me -9/10 poop 2/10 total 75/50rate only
words cant describe how amazing you are
the description sounds like a fortune cookie.
Jokes on you, I don' t have friends
NOOOOOOOOOOOO
Sneek peek very sneeky...
32769 stars. From 70% onwards, things got very eye-catching.
The first coin is brutal
we might be hollow but were brave <3 :3
ayo first. r
pure magic
amazing level
The level was absolutely beautiful and its like a lightshow
1st coin: in the editor at the start, theres a bunch of "move 30" triggers. touch them all lol
"take the black orb" - Mahatma Gandhi
veery good
even if this had to be a memory level, some parts are impossible to sightread. Nonetheless, cool lvl
primo
Pixel Terror makes fire music
@kingoo the whole point of the contest it was made for is "hinds style".
Very fun level, GG! :)
GG! :) 570 Attempts! The gameplay is great, the coins were fun to find! Very fun level good job man!
take the black orb- Sun Tzu The Art of War
rated ::::o
Wait this is recent tab??!!
You know I had to do it to them.
take my Blacks Balls
Polenta
Ahrya + Bentley = Pixel Terror
the level name reminds me of monstercat artist
Pixels terrorized me
No way this is hard demon
Great level, funny gameplay
quindi ti dico di no
Saying anything to get top comment : Dababy
like if tiktok sucks
yo nice I sent this not too long ago
 
wave part: RTX ON
1st coin: get the keys at 2% and 10% 2nd coin: 67% 3rd coin: get the mini coins at 85% and 87%
Like if your not a horse.
shiny wave go brr
it's good gameplay but the orbs . . .
I GOT THE LAST COIN ON ACCIDENT
Gucci!
Fun coins! :)
that wave trail effect thingn is very cool
nooooooo
666 likes lol
Cool wave idea :)
Les paso mi numero de telefono de casa: 7421145984 (si son extranjeros:52 7421145984) soy de Mexico
no
if this gets top comment i will massage my angry dog
dang 365 downloads nice
this is insane! :0 thanks rob and everyone :D
If this get 200 like i will sleep in my bathroom
Click here if you want this level to be featured -----
i feel like sometimes i'm stepping on glass when i'm trying to find levels with good gameplay
Rate Insane 8 <3
this shud be more than 6 stars
i hate this level so much :)
GG, all coins. I actually have nothing positive to say about this level god damn,,,
gameplay is not very good and way too hard for a 6*
last
it feel boring, so a bit of change could help. definitely got potential here, good job
Magic tab!!! good luck I think you will get that creator point from this!!!
good deco i sent this to the mods
Efectos poco originales y las transiciones pueden pulirse mejor, pero gameplay bastante divertido:)
weird ufo
rob just doesnt like me any more lmao
decent
gameplay really needs to be worked on.
que pro
not bad, but needs more polishing and the gameplay needs to be worked on
i get hexagon force flashbacks at the end
cumon
ola hermosa
easy 1 att
hermosa deco
1 att, GG!
1 attempt, cool level
el ambiente es perfecto :3
with 1 attempt
3850eme stars
is my icon flushed? :flushed:
GG!
YOU HAVE GOTT-
Very beautiful level! I love it <3
nice
gg 2 att
a casa malo
GG! 1 att :)
este man tiene mucho cp
Te amo mi vida tu eres la razon de que siga en el mundo uwu! (haber si 40r ve esto KWKSK)
Good ideas and execution, hope this gets you your first cp
Update: 10 Mod Sends!
Very cool
this is not an insane demon what are y'all on
One of the best extremes in the game!!!
GG! :)
tf does this mean midnight melancholy????????
Every second of this blew me away. What a ride.
very high quality level. great job
Do you want Epic Future?
gg! i love this level. its got really fun gameplay and an amazing atmosphere
N      -       N
messages are off but the improvements make this much better and the 31% red orb is okay now too. :))
Update: Nerfed the pre-drop after seeing Sillow & eirunis comments. Should 100% be Insane Demon now.
the post you made about this level says a lot. at midnight, im busy, yet i have have nothing to do
I've been waiting for this to be rated for a while! The atmosphere is stunning!
very original level name
GG, 4th Victor :D
@16williaaa ULDM added. If you still have problems, I cant do anything. The level is under 41k obj.
gg 1161 att really consistent level i just suck at the game
thank uu <3
looks empty ik, my phone is so weak it crashs my game i cant do nothing about it.
btw i got permission from htigerz to create with his style, ok bye.
I love this song <3
this is why Pica is one of my favourite creators 
yey
so ale get two dedications in a week by Nico and picaaa
Bad transition.
i hate your levels
It's not stolen, although it's pretty similar.
yeah thats a trash transition
vadon
like this if tiktok sucks
Love this effects of colors :)
9.9k stars
I can't see the block where I have to jump
73.007eme stars
gotta say, it does look really similar
great visual appeal and atmosphere !!
gg
Awful level
YESSS FIRST FEARTURE WHAT AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
How is this a 5*
Yall keep hating, but i love this level and what it TRIES to do
that gameplay is too unpredictable, even with the arrows
This level shows a unique atmosphere and could be really good but the gp could use some work.
this isnt his first cp it just hasnt updated on his profile lol
guys
Awful
The gameplays HORRIBLE the defos defent and the songs meh im not doing this
not fun
Horrible
there are a lot of buggy gameplay aspects that make this too annoying to be worth it
this gameplay is trash
THIS LOOKS UGLY TO ME
1 att how did i not die
Feo
Sorry for being so blunt originally but this level jus feels like it does whatever it wants randomly
bruh
why do people hate this level so much
Also whoelse thought at the wave part the level turned to extreme demon?
coin = extreme demon 
thought I was so good at wave lol
Bloodbath is very easy compared to getting the coin
Like this if you think that getting the coin is way harder than the level
coin=sonic wave
one of the greatest song titles i've ever seen on this game
Damn the coin is cool and hard to get!
HOW LONG DID IT TAKE YOU TO GET THAT COIN BRUH??!
1462 attempts. Definitely the hardest coin I've ever collected!
why does someone say gg on a 2* level the heck
Like this comment if you didnt get the coin
who came here from evws vid?
coin is like a medium demon
Over an hour and 767 attempts later I finally got it, 2nd coin victor :D
look i came here for some free coins man >:(
EMAE
@iIiteeziIi i did :D
Did anyone else panic before the last jump?
Like if you played on android
that flip phone animation was sick
phlip fone
         
spider part is repetitive
if i get 10 likes, i will break a nokia phone
In the last part, there are too many of these "stairs?" in the foreground, it interferes
my sister beat this for me
j
Pretty cool!
thanks! <3
I'd say your bd's could still use work, but you've definitely got your own style going on! :)
no se ve nadaaaaaa
hi orange
34 , oh me vengo 
autos?
your deco is always so damn good T^T
Simple, yet unique & fun lvl! Noice work! Way to go, creator! Thanks. GG... <3
Nice :] Really liked this one, 1 attempt!
good level but the spider is so hard to sight read
GG! 1 attemp. I love the level :)
why is the first coin only collectable in high detail, thats so dumb
..
3rd coin: release at 96-97, faded coin at the bottom left of that structure
I hate u
i dont like the gameplay
1st coin: 11% (Still collectable at LDM), 2nd coin: 75%, 3rd coin 96%
Thanks for using my song!
well... damn
no idea how to get the third coin
like why would you even include that in the level
whyyyy
Thats just evil
i really like this
now the demon for 3500k :)
ME NO LIKE
gg 3 attempts
I have been star and user coin grinding for 4 hrs and this is the best lvl ive played so far! GG :)
The coin tricked me :(
beautiful glow, nice level, gg!
Great level!
Drunk russian techno is back!
Robtop commented on my lvl .______.
the song was banned for good reason, its an unlicened remix, you dont want NG to get sued
the song is not allowed i use it long time ago
1st coin : Skip the pink pad at 5%. 2nd coin : Hold at 68-69. 3rd coin : Touch the trigger at 97%
i went to spain but I dropped the s on the way there
RAF SIMMONS
tenth circle
why the overdeco :/
Uroven agonb :D
T E N T H C I R C L E
gg 3 coins
72.218eme stars
y
72%
gg
69%
Song is banned :(
Coin 1: Jump over the pink pad at 5/6%
 
read the level name but remove crun
he is slandering me. my name is NOT SQUIRRELBANE!! it is SQRL!!! GET IT RIGHT !!
hi
hi
in collaborative effort with squirrelbane gd, balloons, straw, matterz, and leo
consider my bits crunched
binchrunc
I bite then cromch
hi
spooders represent
GG! :) 410 Attempts! Quite a good level in the style of 1.9, good gameplay and cool coins! Fun lvl!
Level is easy, except for the times it isnt
GG! :)
good
good gameplay so far :)
gg
Amazing level, GG! :)
yes!!
The first dual sucks because the annoying deco makes you unable to see anything at all. You can't even rely on sync. So the creator should fix this bu
woau i found u in recent tab wat
Honestly, i would say this is 8 or 9 stars
this is cool
omg zelda refernce like if u like zelda(like right now)
i see you play breath of the wild
like if u play BoTW
This should be Easy Demon
Put easings to your movements. Other than that, Solid!
this is hard for a 7* but DAMN is it pretty 
very cool, fun gameplay, great designs, an 8* level that is making me want more stuff like this one
Beware fool, of the Eye of Yiga.
Needs a substancial bit of polish, but pretty Gnarly otherwise
i feel like this level has some easy demon vibes and i like it
yooo do we got any zelda enthusiasts in chat
Great choice of theme, my level Remnants is also Sheikah themed so I love this :)
Who else is super hyped for BOTW 2?
banger
1 attempt lol.. fun level! 
ive been playing alot of botw recently
the lorax
yes bro finally epic lvl
Felicidades por el featured!!! ^^
GG! secret way at 79%,  u need to go in the mini portal and stay there.
LOL LETS GOOOOO
funny number
eggggx
for thos who beats this or no. you are awesome
This song is definately gonna get banned. I can just feel it.
Mal
this inspires me to try and get cp
freedom08
Nice ;)
judty
GG
tatakae
GG!
GG 1 attempt
secret way!
3988eme stars
:)
Nice! :)
if this gets 25 likes, ill eat my chair
agradezco una vez mas a todos los que coloboraron en este nivel y los que me ayudaron a enviarlo.
Glow dreams, Glow level, Good job!
@Robtop FIRST RATE TIME
Future Daily
Congratulations on your first cps, GG!!!
Un gusto total haber participado en esta hermosura de nivel, Felicitaciones! =)
:3
secret way fixed :)
@Framos , gracias broo
thx Ruuuub :D
gracias ah todos por felicitarme no saben cuanto me da gustooooo :D
Oh Yes Nice!! :D
a tiny saw...  a tiny saw.       A TINY SAW 
Gran collab :)
My 244th level beat!
espero llegar a los 1000 likes
AIGDmaster ;)
El nivel me parece increible junto a la decoracion, pero deberias mejorar un poco el gameplay 
GG :}
The song's called Bonus Feature, so naturally, it's going to be a rate send.
vendo tacos a un like compren sus tacos
clean
 Cheeseburger with deluxe chips and ketchup
wait if this gets feature it'll be my 40th cp how
didnt u start making this like an hour ago broooz nice level tho
coin is at 9%, just fly through the saw to get it :)
hamburger cheeseburger big mac whopper
Free stars Like=Yes Dislike=No?
even though this took me two attempts, this is the hardest normal level in gd, fight me
great song, insanely clean transitions, fair gameplay, bro thats a whole triple whammy
extreme demon
Good =)
simple,relax,easy. the best level
Nice
This is hard
muy bueno espero mas niveles como esos en la 2.2
Chido!
nice
Relaxing :)
really cool background!
sounds like someone wants a kiss
If creating is what makes you happy, please never stop only YOU can dictate your choices not others
this is the first and probably last time someone has asked me this 
my non existant girlfriend requires that i say no
*kissing you*
im a minor
No kissing due to covid-19
the answer is yes cause this level is amazing
ill fix 
i loved it, one of my favorite levels of yours that i played, i hope to see more from you in future
you cant tell me this isnt good these effects are crazy
sorry, but I'll have to politely decline. I'd rather kiss someone my own age :(
that bg effect in the 2nd part is so cool
kiss please -crazen to 14 year old girls
can i got a kiss?
As of this rate, croc has gained 101 cp this year alone. wow.
Please keep ignore those one who says that you are a bad creator. You must keep doing what you love
please don't quit :(
and im a minor
Very fun
Ew, Sparks (mega) comment? Cringe.
some of the transitions are hard to sight read but the design is very cool!
super clean level, totally love it. great job!
transitions ruined it for me :p
cancer cancer cancer
A few more moves woudn't have hurt, either :^) [2/2]
Tipico de Diego
Like=1Feature
Not bad :))
So clean!
Pretty decent. I'd have liked the transitions to be better executed [1/2]
it's as if the fadeout at 76% is specifically designed to piss me off
Like if you like geometry dash
terrible transitions
why would you put an invisible portal here
Caca
dang this is pretty good
a
epic!
Like If You Are Not Gay
btw guys, if you see any backwards comments, make sure to dislike them :)
dont say kid amogus backwards
ok, i died at 100%. but i need to get 101%.
such an insane concept, but it works out so well. this is amazing technically, visually, everything
everything in this level is so perfect, right down to the movements and design, this is amazing
lol is lol backwards
I feel like I've died here before, hmm
the arrows are there to be clicked on, any dot trail without arrow at the end you dont have to click
never really had a favourite level before, but i think if i had to choose, this would be it.
he used the 2.2 timewarp trigger and hacked it to a negative number so it goes backwards ;)
like if ur name is not bob
racecar
Masterpiece
the one level where "first attempt" is always technically true; incredible job loco! :)
practice mode is broken
pass is 335288
hamood backwards is hamood
if yall are dying at 22% like I was, remember it's reverse you don't tap there cause its not a jump
i would very much like to meet this christopher nolan
9 Or 8 Star
One of my spiders went through the block at 34% and i survived lmao
no optimization, but lvl is pretty good
help my cat put on a firework and became a rocket cat pls help me
laggy af on my pc
good level, bad gp
if u jump too far into the mini auto part, u hit the invis teleportal right side up and die. pls fix
143 attempts. hate lag
gg 40 attempts
good lokin lvl
the problem with 7% is now fixed! :D 
h
this is terrible
gg
good job, but work on optimization
gg coin
holy decoration
GG!
gg, 13000 stars 1 coin
69.894eme stars
:D THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!
pretty unique 
omg!!! 7k stars!
All your levels complete!
71.873eme stars
#AbsolenNextLevelAsDailyAgain
GG! :)
quite fun
muy bonito nivel uwu
its nice to literally have this guy in my friends list
thats a 2 star not a 4 star
GG,  Mr. Abso.      Great level  ;)
Cool!
Hi
78% nooooooooooo
gives me Biru vibes
1 att on mobile :)
e
aaaaqqq 6:2
gg
be cum a monster
chetko
THIS IS SO HYPE Y'ALL DID AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!
There are two monsters inside of you. One is gay, the other is also gay, you are gay
explode like thunder
Well, I won't see you around
Absolute masterpiece! :)
Password 020821 :)
I'll slip away into sweet and somber
Robtop can you stop looking at viprin and nexus and do some first cp rates?
But I will only come back stronger
our last word
#funny #lol #laugh
GG! :)
Who else wants to bet this will be the weekly?
become a cum monster
Im feeling like a monster, I might be an impost- *gunshot*
don't hurt
don't let me
awesome work
oh boy i hope there wont be any shitty "kalm" comments
Panik by OilPanik
r/dankmemes when funny mannequin
Interesting concept
Kalm
astral divinity lag
78k stars!!
I was thinking about building a lvl with the same color palette and song an hour ago- 
wag dapat mag Panik!!!!!
GG's. 2 Coins. Cool ideas, but game play isn't very clear.
GG! 2 coins
noice
Panik, Kalm, Panik
cool
panico
Tower of terror(panik), ur at disney world(kalm), ur dropping over 13 stories(panik)
kalm
nooooo... dont say it.... please... dont say it...
d
cooollll
like if you play in mobile :)
like, 1 like= 1 hacker banned. those days lol
wow nice transiton at 0%
remember that top comment is nothing k bye ;)
i play mobile :) liked if you are mobile player! ->
I'm going to listen to Mario Death Effect for 10 Hours because its better than this
like if you play on mobile :)
the enderdragon is female.
i attract females                                    female mosquitos
Like if like. Dislike if dislike. Ignore if ignore.
Why do people act like getting top comment is like winning the million dollar lottery. Get life 
When you realize we're all fighting over nothing at all.
if you like this. ill be happy, thats it
TikTok is a piece of sh*t  created by the motherf*cking chinese government just to spy on us.
Nobody should be jealous of the cp ufo. Its ugly
go to parental controls and disable comments 
._______________.
Like This comet To ban cutefemboyfurry Forever
TikTok makes me cringe, i don't know why my sister uses it
1 like = 1 country bans tiktok
This got swag LOTS of swag
I think RobTop made this song. "Y'all asking for a feature but bro did I ask you?"
i got big feet (big feet)
bidens hairy legs rnt looking too cool anymore
Quentin Tarintino be like: This man is spittin
big feet (with vocals)
feels like im hallucinating
me when the song is better than the level
i  g o t  b i g  f e e t
10 likes and robtop stubs his toe
perfect simulation of what snorting crack is like.
Dan Schneider be nuttin to the song
This is really nice
i like big fins
gg
BIG FEET
This level is awesome and I'm so glad to be apart of it, thank you rapid for being an awesome host<3
GG's. I hate that this level is good, lmao.
i got big feet
honestly deserved epic, but still GG
astonishing. you are one of my new favorite creators
why does it seem like most insane levels are harder than easy demons
how do you keep up this insane quality at such a rapid pace omg
This dude is about to get double digits in less than a month!!!!
what did I just play, this is incredible (died due to a slope bug tho lol)
this is just too good
again - you are one of the most underrated creators of our time
fcking masterpiece
gg
this is insanely good
lets GO
Faded by Alan Walker
WHY IS THIS NOT EPIC
That was SICK! :D
dis is one of my favorite levels ive ever played
good shit
how is this not epic? :(
very ebic level
72.875eme stars
10/10, whether he wants to admit it or not
the gameplay is just horrible, sorry. deco is good but the gameplay isn't.
nice
lol feature
you gotta fix this
Que paso ahi?
Cool gameplay! :)
from what ive seen so far it doesnt change style much, could use some variation but it does look gud
IOIOIOIOIOIO
'You may not rest now; there are monsters nearby.'
fisrt cp rates?
gg
gw xmas special by vartixy?
Ti vse eshe jiv? 
GG!
Leynar im your fan!
hffhisoiaijkgaerugnm,zngarejfldagjdasdhgsa
Nice one
Huh?
somebody plz make a yt video. I need one to make a level request
very nice
i think we can all agree that gameplay is wack
Nice
is this a x2 scale only challenge or something
unbalanced gameplay and bug at spider transition
bad gp
Cold summer
auto bugs at around 35% and also the last green orb at around 77%
OLYMPIC IS STILL HERE WHAAAAAT
gg
Finally :D
so
Mantap bosque
Finally I'm in the top 3 for a rated level :)
texas weather in a nutshell
global warming
mantap
cool part that works
very original name 
Epic!
jcgl s part looks sick :o
knots sent this like a few minutes before it got rated. thank you knots (we stan knots) o7
gg
I think they treated it more as a block outline than actual 3d
I wonder what Optical is doing now
GG's. Very clean and lovely to play.
oh no i have sinned by using a tool literally given to us by rob
really?
Best level by him it is his 69th
Nice level :)   
amazing deco, really nice nod to optical, i especially liked the colors and the song choice
This level is pog and so is everyone who worked on this.☆
3 att
jarvis
i want to see BRZGMT rated already
Epic song and epic level.
can we collab robot chief lets make impostor sus amobng us level impossible challenge please
gameplay and decoration are both super good
Nice Level :D
GG 3 Attemps!
gg
GG All Coins. For 1st Coin: Jump at the edge of the platform at 51%.
For 2nd Coin: Tap the invisible orb at 34% to take the 2nd coin route.
For 3rd Coin: Stop holding when the screen is fully black at 88%-89% & tap the orb at 97%.
cloudy worldy
gd
Omg it's for me?
Clouds by kr1t
oblachko
did you know that clouds 
pyrocynical gmd
Cloudy Wordly
worst gameplay designer ever?
pog hamp :)
A sos re troll xd
the clouds give way 2 looking good so far
GG! All coins :)  very fun coins but..... the gameplay is a bit annoying!!
@kr1t ur 2nd coin doesnt work if u turn on ldm btw. theres just no platform to jump onto
@opythegever SOON
i really love this level..
wait, if you had to take the other pathway for the second coin, then how did you verify this....
stalin would be proud.
I died laughing at the unicorn mecha stalin fight
SOYUZ NERUSHIMIY RESPUBLIK SVOBODNIH
OUR creator points
el socialismo no funciona pero buen nivel
Like if you remember Npesta's USSR story
this is not your Collab, it is OUR COLLAB!
Finally, another level about Communism...
OMG IT'S FINALLY RATED!! THANK YOU ALL GUYS, WE'RE SOOO HAPPY! <3
gde reyt blya?
pass : 168447
GG! 296 attempts, done on 60hz due to a 144hz bug :)
in mother russia , levels beat you
kak po slovam deda on dobiralsa do shkoli
pass is : 168447
SAYUUUUUUUUZ NERUSHIMIY RESBUBLIK SVOBODNYH SKREPILA NA VEKI VELIKAYA RUUUUUS'
GG! :)
stalin pony bossfight...
GG! :)
The (communist) party don't stop.
like this if you love Axolotls
1 like = 1 safe axolotl #SaveTheAxolotls
like = axolotl / dislike or ignore = I DONT LIKE THE AXOLOTL
Really good colors and arts, nice work!
i feel so bad when i die and the axolotl frowns :(
Axolotls are endangered. #SaveTheAxolotls
Minecraft 1.17
NEVER kill an axolotl in minecraft NEVER!
I tought this day will never came. Thank you Rob!
axolotls r endangered. 1 like = one happy axolotl :)
1 like = 1 blue axolotol in your minecraft world
I didn't hack this comment you can only like it one time. Do not try this
hey guys is that the fish from minecraft
We need more axolotls in our lives
dose anyone like minecraft here (like=yes dislike=no) I do!! (because of de axolotl) ;D
Like if you like axolotls, because I do :D
New mob in Minecraft is Axolotl
#SaveTheAxolotls
Did yall know Axolotls can regenerate arms, legs, parts of their heart, and parts of their brains?
Cute name :)
ola
bonito
For second coin took poison at 34% bottom
Me gusta
wave bajo
Love this
pollo asado
My 84th level beat!
Really cool :)
When the wave is sus...
What a pretty level! This is how modern should look to me
Enjoy!
amazing
that wave was cursed
Cursed Wave
coin 1: jump at 2% coin 2: go down at 34% and grab poison
gg 2 attempts very good level
love this
Esto esta mas hermoso que mi cara ;)
Arana come luciernagas. 
kodex360 not creating insane levels challenge (impossible)
Guess who made half the gameplay
Very fun 
why is the first coin like a frame perfect lo l
this was really fun to play!
Looks like a lot of fun!
also bizaare made like half of the gp :P
GG, ASTONISHING design, and the gameplay is amazing. this is getting favorited :)
How did i do that?
pretty fun :)
Firework vibes
Very fun and very detailed! Felt more like 9 stars to me since it is a bit tough in some areas. Great work! :)
Damn this is great! 
gg 51 att very fun
GG :)
GG me encanto,de lo mejor que he jugado
GG!! Awesome level <3
love it, everything is perfect, gameplay and deco are fantastic ;)
not gonna risk third coin :(
gameplay is sick. take notes people
There is a bug, I cant place or delete checkpoints
Thanks to noobfub for the emoji art bg thingy
that song name is so sus :skull:
Syncs well in practice mode!
alguien mas jugo el nivel en practica solo por el titulo
The music name aint sus ur mind is just sus
Soy yo o el practice music hack ya no funciona... Ah, espera... xD
2 coins
I died in practice. ;-;
LOL   :) 10 attemps No eez
so, you get orbs in practice mode now? rob, can we keep it like this?
yay I beat practice mode                    in practice mode
gg, 34.8k user coins
song name sussy :flushed: :flushed: 
Well done, now complete it without any checkpoints
something sounds familiar and i just cant point it out
couldn't place checkpoints, was dissappointed. Cool level though :)
confusing as hell
i played this in practice mode. someone please put me in a mental hospital. i need it
this level was made so dorami makes the same mistake he made in yatagarasu
gg 357 att
awesome!!!
Well ain't that sweet
omg so cool, and the font at the end is amazing!
I feel relaxed after playing this
oh that was beaultiful :)
nice vibe
It's... beautiful.
i dont like this level is boring ...
that was ez
:D
this is just heart warming
lil cool thing
e
im glad yall like this level lots 
easy
GG nice music :')
gg 1 attempt
Love this
yes
Some color variation to show the progress in the level would be nice. Now its "I died at blue"
yo wtf someone already beat it?
for 72 hours this is amazing! good work, really atmospheric :o
like this comment and dream speedruns GD
it even lags with LDM on, but ok
The password is                              Hey genius its a free copy
c h e e s e
WOOO SENT TO MODS FOR RATE
I want your toes so badly
<C:
more ldm... I can't :(
GG! TOP LEVEL
I send this to more mods :)
extreme lag
first cps would be cool ngl
GG :)
Pass Password
gw xmas special by vartixy? first cp rate
Very nice :3
I love this level, its amazing, especially for only 72 hours
Wasnt a fan of how flat some of the blocks looked, otherwise pretty nice :)
really nice, i love deco and effects, but gameplay and transitions are very buggy.
ngebug woy
not bad :)
beautiful atmosphere and colors :O
you can skip alot of things...
bad gameplay
xyinya ebannaya
good deco. trash gameplay
im speechless bout this one, really epic :) <3
clean
help me, i am in underwater
GG!
GG i like blue
Very buggy
you never told me when to stop spamming
16.8k stars
gg
Very Awful Gameplay
Awesome, GG :3
can i ratio aeon
God this level is turning me on
mad GG to kier and nice work neige for managing to release this absolute masterpiece
i will personally fly over to sweden if rob doesnt rate this as epic
This is hard
Amazing job! I will monitor the leaderboards and make sure to remove hackers. :)
Im in actual disbelief
One of the best looking extreme demons ;)
FIRST VICTOR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I DID IT, GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG :)
lets go, I can send Rust
Rust deez nuts
bloodlust is going to be kicked off top 20 thats actually crazy
this level will be green in 2047
LETS GOOOO I'M HYPED!!!!
midgefieu + krmal better + ratio 
lol haha
Really cool to finally see this out, it really nails its aesthetic. Great job Neige! :)
*banned leaderboard record of Player200Yeet for hacking*
First send? ;)
Neige ur a legend this level is so heat
amazing atmosphere and art!
Why a man movin like he got ants in his pants. 
Free Coins
cool!
wow
i honestly quite like this a lot
i love my girlfriend
I love this!
uwu
romantic :D
incredible level
awesome, original, and super cute. i really think we should see levels like this more often in GD.
hermoso
gg.
Maravilloso ..
I love the arts and the use of glow! great job as always :)
Bro, Nice :)
:"""'v
Good job! 
gg chuch gg
dream loves little kids
you are NOT normal
Me encanto' la parte de la playa <3
me gusta solo que las tranciciones no quedan en algunos momentos,pero 8/10 owo
I've played demons easier than this
ew
esta muy bueno el nivel voy hablar con mi hijo robtop para que le de featured va ten paciencia 
I wear a mask with a smile for hours at a time
GG POR TU PRIMER RATE FELICIDADES ZHUAN
drop was static, but i loved the spider part!
Awesome designs but sadly the bad gameplay ruins it
gp sucks
Gg bro c:
impossible
es hermoso, los fondos, la deco, el gameplay, la cancion, me encanto todo! hermoso nivel :)
Ufff amigo te quedo muy bien, me gusta mucho la parte de la playa ;)
wow muy lindo, muchisimas gracias por la dedicatoria <3
tu y Unzor deberian hacer una colaboracion
GRACIAS POR LA DEDI <3
awesome level good detail! most likely gonna be verified if not copied
<3
GG! :)
GG! 47.000 Diamantes :)
Pufferfish In A Bucket.........Yes
thank you rob!!!
pAs5 iS nOtHiNg NoW wHerE mEe LiKesSs5s5s OwO !!!!1!1!1!1!1!!
GG!
Why Not Epic?
P U F F E R F I S H       I N       A        B U C K E T
puferfish in a bucket :D
Te4 9I Te69I JII06JII0<3
gg 2 att
GG! Really like design. 5 attempts.
very cool deco, very good level, gg!
1 att wtf
Nice!
gg 3333 Stars!!!
GG
puffer
the song ids hit 1000000
Cool gameplay and colors but it could use a lot more movements and variations, pretty solid tho
pretty neat
yo this is pretty sick
nice gameplay , nice decorations , nice moves and nice all ;)
secret way on 58%. Just skip the orb and go down the hole
Colors and pulses are very nice! I do wish there was some more movements and more variation
Cool level this level deserved featured
big good
Good work! Hope this gets featured!
Really fun c:
gg 79000 stars i rarely play insanes and this is barely tolerable
not bad!
Bit lacking in some areas, but I like the pulses in this a lot!
Lo que mas se dificulto fueron las coins, el gameplay es muy sencillo.
my comment is not actual right now, secret way got fixed :(
Cool visual
La musica me recuerda a Butiti III. Me gusta
awesome lvl
Bonitos efectos!
59 attempts, On Stream
1 like = 1 fps
victory
60 attempts. #1298
Sweet
I dig the style you went for here. First send on the magic section :)
fun but hard, could be better as easy demon ;)
second:O
GG! :)
-wn. Medium demon?
gg. very unbalanced level.
GG :)
something at the start is making me get 5 fps
extreme lemon
Cool :)
oh my god please fix this part its so bad
I love the theme of this. Very fun gp but maybe get some playtesters as the transitions need work.
this is epic? good job
Fluke from 45. I think this is an easy or medium demon tbh
gg
mario
stars requested: 6??? sorry??
misrated overdecorated garbage
too hard for 8 stars
pretty good except the start is pretty sudden and i dont think ppl will be able to react fast enough
you changed the stars requested again omg just nerf the level 
It's a real shame a level with this much effort put into it is ruined by terrible gp and transitions
bad gp and very very cool deco
You have a lot of potential. Avoid putting in too much details, though, as it gets a bit messy
Wow, 157 attempts
not even jesus could fix this abomination of a level
is it bad that i can only find 2 differences between ldm and the normal version?
This is too messy
I nominate this level as the worst rate in 2021. The gameplay is beyond horrendous. 
That's some serious over decorating you got there
deco looks very nice, but the brightness can get in the way of the gp. also the transitions r sudden
Learn how to make gameplay, because this is horrible
149k stars, trash gameplay
This is NOT 8 stars and especially NOT 6 stars either, this should be Demon without a doubt.
One of the worst gameplay i've faced
you really changed the stars requested for 7 and didn't even nerfed the level? are you serious?
actual heat
Thanks for letting me verify :)
I made this
.__.
GG! :)
The first 40% is unplayable
Like this if u agree that this lvl should be epic rated for having a decent deco and a great gp
Ghostvandalf smells
eternal pain
Hard
Like for  beat dislike for die at 99
gg amazing level but I got unlucky :(
ok
J <3
that ending is brutal
GG! 571 attempts :)
Welp now that this got rated I should probably beat it now lmao
gg
Can I marry it
FINALLY!!!!
people disliking comments to get to top oml
i found this really easy, maybe it's because I'm good with the ship?
GG! 145.000 Stars! 26/07/2021 :)
gg 3 attempts, very readable level :)
free 8 stars lmao
pass is 001337 i want ur like!
thats a lot of downloads
amazing :)
I LEGIT DIDNT EVEN NOTICE THIS WHEN I WOKE UP GG BRO LOL
5 att ,very fun
nice
Not as weird as when Zafari got rated with 0 downloads.
um . . . gg 8 att lmao
very cool deco, and fun level, gg! 
Pros be like 1 att GG!!! Noobs be like 8729273 att, It was a hard level but I finally completed it.
the ship parts are so much harder than everything else
GG's. 10 Attempts. Very solid level overall.
GG je
gg xfin 183 attemps
@moffer nice
yo mama so fat she buoyant af
My best level thus far. Took me a lot of time to build. I really hope it pays off. Enjoy.
gameplay was buggy :(
thank you for using that amazing song, the 40% robot part is very fun to play
im actually crying
deserves rate, come back to this comment when its rated
no way
GG! :)
Amazing 
gg
great work
really creative use of the wavy blocks, nice work, really clean!!
Your new best for sure
Really good. Just some annoying parts here & there.
el pepe
GG
take your like if and shove it up your butt
Sorry about your house
boy ant
Sulpur is malding.☆
You made an entire level only using red look good. This is dope.
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
And yes, dash orb part has been severely nerfed
Very fun
recent tab looks a little different today
the dash orb section is  very hard otherwise very good level :)
I really like the style! But man this dash orb part is such a difficulty spike to me >.<
26 attempts. #1307
Wicked sick bro
Huge secret way. GG! :) (Thanks Rifct)
use red and black icons for the extra swag
59% is fixed, AT LAST, all shall rejoice
i have no idea what youre supposed to do at 59% but other than that this is really cool
una completa mierda el nivel
GG! :)
GG! 26 attempts, this is certainly an easy demon unless I am missing something.. ;)
First thing I do when I get home from vacation is remove S blocks at 59%. Really sorry for that guy
gg on the rate. this level is really cool
am i the only one who thought the arrows were spikes?
cool level, just fix the random floating black glow at 85%
bruh instead of just saying its bugged, tell me whats bugged so i can fix it
first
geometry dash user overthinker
I hate catboys. Overthinker is an exception
cool level       smells like altoids and sour punch straws            
overthinekr
soooooooooooooooooo epiccccccccccccccccccccccc
The ending is kinda annoying especially with how obstructive the effects are. It looks cool though.
The deco in the level is really good. The drop has some blind orbs and clicks tho.
less than three but it's a 6 star
design = 10/10   GP = 2/10
GG 2100 STARS
i didnt give you permission to use my name
how can i build like this
Una bonita song :3
really liked it ;3
re epic !
how
Increible :3
Why?
Pass is 243589, Like so others can copy
Let's go!
easily your best level imo. im usually not really a fan of your stuff but this is really sweet
I really like the designs of this level, good job with the colors!
Nice to see you take a few risks with colors in some parts
Fella mans
EXTREME BROY DEMON
broys
gg
a
harder than retray I think anyway
yoooo this is rly fun!!
BROYS
you want fun? wario show you fun
POP OFF
Broys
915 attempo
Instant-Completed because i beat on a external LDM version, video on my channel
yoooo annon with the extreme?
probably the most fun demon i've played, well made and gg
fortnite balls, im gay, i like boys
Based.
the best extreme name since sary never clear☆
:(
Based.
Congrats on your extreme rate Alphi ! :)
I'm sure some of you haven't friend to complete this xd
ofc Giggs and Koopazu get along, they're both chill yet hilarious
If this gets top comment, I will tell my class Im a femboi
GG! first victors, done with EyeHurty. Super fun and way better than other 2 player levels :)
based
FIRST SOLO VICTOR!!! Video on my youtube
i only need 3 likes to be top comment!
Based.
another very angry demon
BASED??? BASED ON WHAT??????????
i can hear nexus making the video
2 pLayErs rEcOmMeNded; how nice of you to assume I have friends
GG with MukmuL
Hmm, looks familiar. Maybe its a remake of bang gang by DanZMen?
me who spent over 2 min trying to hit the unnecessary trigger orb at 1%
Secret way. GG! :) (Thanks llukas)
GG by those who reached the secret way :)
PASS IS : 003636  Like plis >=)
GG =)  89700 stars 06/08/21 12:07  
70 attempts (+ 2 coins). #1305
ojo si soy xddd
Your first demon GG
gameplay felt kinda annoying, lot of timings that felt way too inconsistent
GG! :)
GG! :)
te quiero hikex
The gameplay isn't good at all :\
Epa gracias por la dedicacion uwu!
GG! :) 39 Attempts! Very fun level!
Like if youre here before rate
GG!
GG Hikex! :D
100th Demon! really fun level too! :D
so epic
this is hardest 5 star level ive seen lol
pretty cool. u have visuals down, but gp+sync need work. after all gp is what makes a level!!
Coin: Activate switch at top (63%), jump before portal (71%), get minicoin (89%), get coin (95%) :D
6*
Fixed the touch trigger at 57%
I swear im the worst at GD online levels, Yet i can beat deadlocked
Sexy
only people who aren't named Jonas can like this comment
COOL!
gp need some work, but woah, cool deco!
Have some sync errors but whatever,awesome level!! Epic rate when?
Is 6*
for a second i thought it was another layout level
should be atleast 6 stars
nice
nice, thanks for dedi :)
awesome level, should get featured
touch triggers at 57% seem to be bugged but other than that nice visuals and gameplay :)
it looks like arrow please make spikes look normal, its pretty annoying. anyways very good level
Sin practica y sin moneda :)
Extremely fun to play
:)
easy demon =/
This should be rated Demon
If this gets top comment i'll delete my Geometry Dash account, no joke.
rob can we do first cps?
this is way too fun 
AWE SOME
petition for easy demon ----------------------------->
>:[[
There is a secret way at 46
que estafa>:(
oke not easy level
This reminds me of Dance violins in Dash till puff 2
Really cool level, very detailed, keep up the work
gw xmas special by vartixy
https://discord.gg/mHdjhug8Hc (for the true gamers) :)))
Awesome!!
EASY DEMON PLS
I really love this level but it lags in some areas :( Would you mind adding a ldm?
Very interesting, nice level! ^^
fun and enjoyable
thank you =)
Amazing <3
Tragedy
man this is more annoying than some demons
rob rate this
the 3d is a tragedy
Featured :)
Gg! 7,100 User coins :)
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!
This type of levels is coooool
aaaaaaaaaaaa
GG! 103k stars
Buena musica
ok...?
. . .
welp its not 69!
GG! Free coins :)  11.8k User Coins!!
GG All Coins Finally.
I like dis
probably one of the funniest levels i've played, awesome work bran
WHAT?!?! WHY IS THERE STRAIGHT FLY IN A 5 STAR?!?!
the music after the level LMAO
"people kinda complained about its consistency" you son of a gun you will pay for this
If you hate a level like this you probably build for cp and not for fun
This is the best level ive ever seen looool. Desereves feature for creativity.
I listened to the entire song
godly lmfao
Levels arent just about good design, creativity is also very important which this level has lots of.
lmao this is so good
To all the people complaining about this being rated: This level is better than yours
my new comment
had much fun on playing this :D
you totally could have added something after the level ended with spawn triggers lol, pretty funny :)
Who has passed 13%? Like if you did!
biggest bruh moment in my entire life
Who stayed until he said "bye, bye..."?
How can you dislike this
This is the best level I've played in a while, thanks
hotter than my sister
LETS GOOOOOO THANK YOU FOR THE EPIC ROB!! <33
it got rated as i downloaded the level xD
3rd coin: tap the triggers 3 & 6
like if school is stupid and makes no sense
demon
1 like= +1 day to summer
Secret way, 77% down
hotter than my step sister
This level is really good
100000 DOWNLOADS!!!! gg
:o ^o^ >O<
demon
going for my first epic!! :))
gonna be daily BELIEVE ME
i really want to get top comment eventually
look at my youtube video for the code to the last coin ;)
GG on EPIC!!
first ship is epic
my name is Vale :o
GG, very fun and sightreadable! :)
susearth  XD
Awesome stuff, fun to play. :)
AYOOOOO
very fun
pass is 1989
without practice :D
YEAH
This is a very buenisimo :)
Amazing song :D
gusearth demon
i swear mods get demon rates in a matter of days while it takes most creators weeks or months lol
21 attempts. #1288
i love my life ;)
absolute banger level
epic song
177 attemempts unbalanced gameplay one part is 5 stars and the other is like hard/medium demon cmon.
hello
gg
Piquete cubano
in the beginning there is oragne color just like bunch !! ilumiati confirmed.
Pretty fun, wish I could say something similar about the designs
yay 9 stars thank :D
Playing your levels feels like just a reskin each time with a different difficulty
I suggest you also experiment with gameplay, all of your levels uses the same overused combos (2/2)
Pass is 555777, like pls:)
waiting for wholesome positive split72 comment
Just played all your levels in one go, though i won't go onto a rant about your deco... (1/2)
somehow managed to die here 1 attempt lmao
well we have our daily :(
#JUSTICEFORLUNAIRE GIVE HIM 9 STAR DAILY CUZ PAIN
Epic Epic Epic
Nemsy is my favourite creator personally... he makes awsome gameplay and deco!
quite like this
i guess everyone knows that this will be future daily lol
Blocks are a bit bland but very fun gameplay as always :)
wow im here before a daily on a nemsy lvl
Gg good lvl and all coins :D
gg izi - 21 attempts
Que gameplay *o*
Some parts look a little clumsy, but this is an extremely cool level. Good job.
This thing crashed my game!!!
Secret way: Jump between two blue pads at 10%
Best level I've seen. Really good level =)
For all of you curious people this level was gonna have an epic boss but was cut out ;-;
Another Masterpiece from the King.
How the hell does this solo level have more objcets than CASTLEMANIA???!
this dude has 86 cp but ive never seen then before what
how many objects did u put in this level?
LAG LAG LAG... :(
longest load screen ive ever experienced on mobile
what fool rated this 8 starts? clearly medium demon
this level has so many objects that my mobile cant afford it lmao
Amazing but that lag doe
este nivel no tiene nada que ver con press start
LIKE IF YOU THING EVERY PART HAVE 50000 OBJECTS
Like a Nexus Dislike a Wergulz16
I dont think this is press start anymore
this level crashed my game
ahuenno
Thanks Robtop :3 Gracias enserio <3
Really awesome level :o
Keys : 13% , 34% , 66% - And in the end you get the coins :)
Really nice :3
Buen nivel! gracias por la dedicacion :)
Pass is 170721.      I Give Likes :)
Geoxor! ^^
Next: B L O O D M I X
rip my %
gg 55555 stars :)
    
GG! Free coins :)
Muy Buen Nivel 10/10, Tiene Un Buen Diseno :)
passwrld : 170721
i fell thru the level and rode out until i reached the end
Extreme demon :)
a comment
A
good level
i literally can barely do those three orbs in succession on mobile ive died here twice
this is my first time trying to get top comment, so i'll just say... i want top comment
Aya
GG! All coins, I like free coins :)
gunba
what if mulpan meant to say yay but got a typo?
like to instantly die
If this gets 10 likes i will beat bloodbath today.
your mother☆
i play minecraft pocket esition
dailophobia: fear of daily chat
peaceful is just a bunch of holes and flesh
lantheman2009 Swag City by XoroZ
who liked my comment saying toes
top comment will get rickrolled *gets top comment* wait wt-
i like men
like if ship is the hardest part
i think jayuff is an amazing creator and he seems like a really cool dude
Easy Coins and Level! I like it!
"pedos shouldn't die"    no, they should overdose on caffeine
dont say sus backwards
Please, MaFFaKa, let me win in chess at least for once.
SPASIBO ZA ETOT KANSER KRASNOGO CVETA 20 VEKA
third coin: up with the ufo at 66%
Can you fix the ufo
ya rycckuu
bro was just sitting there and thought "why dont i make a hell chess level" 
Satans favorite game
easy
i play chess, and i can confirm, this is slightly more satanic than usual.
161660 and he hung a piece on move 6
this gives me Hell by Serponge flashbacks... brrrr...
im not the only one who read it as "hellish cheese," right?
Privet
GG! All coins, chess moment (I play chess since I was 9)
GG All Coins. Thanks to DiamondStorm for the 3rd Coin :).
lol
cool
1k likes - GG
nu privet
ny privet
love the vibes :)
this coin is so bad even im not getting it
glad i got to build on this, was a lot of fun! 
lol i didn't know it was a collab with jam and i thought he was just a straggling dedication
According to my calculations, THIS IS EPIC
That rain effect is so pretty I LOVE it
i 100% (dis)agree with vortrox only because i hate him :))))
why spike at orb.......................
like pliss :)
GG
gg
Huge win. Epic rain map
Nice.
gg
G
3600 Stars :)
gg 2 attempts
GG
djzl
Honestly The Game Play For The Coin Is Awful
guys fun fact: the level has a randomised last jump
"Comment bingus... please"
if i get 20 likes, i will eat 100 skittles at once
Dislike because of that randomized ending. I'm NOT sorry.
yo i had a great time building in this
nice level! yellow+green orb at 62% is bugged for me though, the ones before worked fine weirdly enough
55 attempts. I like the randomized ending. #1308
pass is 007023 ;)
GG! :)
not bad, but parts really need more attaention to cohesion
If you beat this while eating Skittles, you are officially declared swag. :)
xd
IF LIFE WAS A SKITTLE I WOULD BE EATEN
Died at the last jump 3 times, the randomization is so mean
It was great to be a part of this collab!
bruh the ball dual is trash
I love M&M
xD okay Serp, not sorry for that ending
really good level, best substra level imo 
after this i wonder do we really need random trigger in 2.2?
woah
its wulzy
this is so good wtf
Those transitions are sick af ngl
hammer
i love mark
the collab we didn't know we needed
oh my god i cant get over how good this is
some of your best stuff man
Also THANK YOU ROB FOR SHOWING ME AND MARKS HARD WORK PAYED OFF AYYYYYYYYYYY
YOOOO
THANK YOU FOR 100K DOWNLOADS!!!!!!!
isnt that dangerous or something dude i cant do that :(
LIKE=DIOS IGNORA=DIABLO
i love this
electroid they gave me low prof in modern workshop LMAL
high inter
i couldnt really tell you the reason but hey I still have tomorrow possibly
yoo nice
marrk carried this a lot ngl, ur part is still sexy tho
Though I like a lot of the colours, some parts could use more interesting details
epic worthy
How does it feel to treat me like you do?
like it!
still waiting for green tuesday
this is so BEAUTIFUL
my new favourite level :)
red thursday
Nice Effects, well done! :)
Nice)
you pog
Te quedo epico bro!
I love the song Blue Monday so much
whoo lot of lag but gg 6500 stars
Is that a Kurzgesagt duck at the beginning of the level? :0
poog
cool
GG =)
Nice and Chill
very chill level ngl
i am here to contact you about your cars extended warranty
quite inconsistent in terms of quality, but overall good megacollab.
woke up to this, im speechless...
ig
take a shot every time a glow mc with rebirth gets rated
Ebik
if you had to play my part im sorry
Nice work to you all!
i dont want to be told to tap earlier i want you to fix your level
this is beautiful
glad to be apart of this :)
Intense
GG! great deco!
instead of telling me to tal earlier why dont u just fix the bug -_-
This needs to be rated. :)
you guys need to respect synthi a bit more. he worked really hard for this.
lmao u have cp
this should get rated : )
XSynthI, this is such a good level. The Design, The Gameplay, and the Effects.
no way another glow collab
my only complain would be that you can easilly confuse real blocks and deco
kuli javva
Great :)
guys saturn has its own discord server
Pleasant
gave up.   It looks cool but it is extremely confusing having the deco look like the blocks.
yeahh.. bersama kuli, membangun negri
Epic
omg first epic :'
that's sick
unreadable gameplay goes brrrr
Love the deco style! Super cool stuff
BERSAMA KULI MEMBANGUN NEGERI
i dont like how some orbs are covered by deco but good map otherwise
GG! Can be hard to see where you have to go at times
looks great but it's absolutely unplayable
The design is amazing but very confusing :c
it is a bit confusing to differentiate the block design with the deco and very easily you could lose
when you dont hold 
i cannot tell which boxes are real or not.
did you spend 1 minute at making the gameplay?
15 second intro followed by laughably bad gameplay, what a quality level
the intro is so annoying to play through every single time
long intro straight into a blindish jump thanks :)
can rob stop rating levels with this type of awful gameplay? tired of playing these, annoying af
how am i supposed to know what the custom portals are when they keep changing colors
Interesting stuff. Gameplay is too inconsistent, because it's wacky itself and the level has...
a lot of animations, which are obviously auto. 
good you epic
Nice level but too long intro ._.
This level must be the worse level with the most effort put into it which is kinda sad.
hot fix
Invest your time creating good gameplay not animations.
Only featured for the deco -__-
pov:  move object add group id 500
when the intro is 25% of the level
would be great if i didnt have to watch an entire movie before every attempt :/
you are definently drunk
"good luck" yeah ofc that u need luck to beat that whole mess of blind jumps
shit gameplay and too long absolutely useless intro. Horrible level, super bad
cute :3
this decoration is really good, the gameplay brings it down tho. i can see this getting rated =)
have you ever put butter on a poptart
great work!
pretty clean :)
GP could use some TLC, pretty damn good otherwise!
Very nicely done :)
First coin: hit the gravity orb at 29%
coin 2: full jump right at yellow portal at 51, then use yellow orb
Epic worthy levels with original songs are pog
foda de mais!!
AAAA THANK U EVERYONE!!!! I'M VERY HAPPY!! :3
Danolex commented and got top comment instantly-
GP could use a bit of work, along with the first part of deco. Other than that, it wasn't too bad (:
Good job (:
esto debe tener featured
very cute! i love it!
kewl
malital poni
In 3 attempts. GG.
this is insane, but it lags so heavily in full detail it's sad :(
This level sacrifices gameplay for deco. The blind transitions and appearing gameplay are very unfun
u sure abt 7 stars lol?
even monkey better knows how to build playable gameplay
amazing level!!!!
why is this only 7 stars
demon
Bad gameplay : (
time to spam refresh again
lags even in ldm, bozo level
70 att gg, some of the worst gameplay ive ever had the displeasure of experiencing
whhhhat ??!!;top level very very top level
definitely not 7 stars
this level runs better on my i5 11600k, r9 290 pc than my iphone 12 wow
optimisation: aight imma head out
An annoying 7 star... although it would've been a fun easy demon!
fun fact: this is very laggy with ldm
laggy and underrated :(
lag :(
some easy demons are easier...
funfact: this level syncs with "oo e oo ah ah ting tang walla walla bing bang"
robtop could say something racist and still get likes for it
one of your most fun levels for sure
what if this got daily
why do we trust dentists' recommended toothpaste if they literally make money from broken teeth?
Like how the level syncs to the song
pass: 943756
Daily chat can be bad. Its kinda luck based
Beating a Gacha girl with my belt. Episode 1
Dang, i found this level within a minute of its release
like my comments pls i have a wife and 3 kids
there are more flashes in this level than when my mom beats me with a belt.
i hate anime..
Messaging RobTop at 3AM (GONE WRONG)
like if you watch nexus
i hate mcdonalds
If this gets 15 likes I will make a level now
dear elder mod: banning me for using 'fart' in my ironic roleplay does not break any comment rule
HOLY FRICK THIS IS COPYRIGHT THERE IS SOUNDS FROM A SONG I KNOW
luke is 18 yet tells people literally many ages younger than him to kill themselves\
Simple but really nice at the same time ;3;
Coin : hold at 0%
this level's name is how i name my folders
very coolio
buen trabajo panas
i also like slamming my head on the keyboard to name my levels
sdqqqrfas
hold down in begining to become a mini cube
Fabian is kewl
coin: jump in the beginning for the mini portal
woderator moment
uskwnsoabdcn
that part is stupid
i hate this level. i hate the gameplay. i hate the transitions past 60 it sucks
very nice
pads in ufo portal, u got me
yes gg
fun to play
odd very odd
actually amazing good job
Next Daily Level?
this is great music for extreme demon
if this get 5 likes i will eat  my lil bro
Coins: Go up at 35% & Go up at 62%
Beautiful level <3
purple with green? rlly ?
gg 1 aten
Increible
someone fix this level, it has a dislike button
I just came cause of the insainly long song name XD
800 coins :)
Good music
Lots of glow + Ship = Laggy gameplay.
honestly i think this is gauntlet worthy
:)
GG al one coin :)
gg nice level
I actually agree the gameplay is terrible
govno
GG
I am in my basement and it doesnt look like this
sad it doesnt show the kids in roptops basement
where slaves
robtop keeps all of the mods in his basement
this is fake. rubrub would have dead bodies lingering
robtop: hi kids i have 2.2 in my van wanna come in?
this isnt robtop style cuz robtop style is bad
Rob tell me what's your basement looks like? 
my basement has kids in it
Inaccurate, where are the children?
2.2 is in Rubrubs basement. If this comment gets ten likes we will raid his house and get it!
what is this gameplay
Maybe rubrub is hiding the 150th coin in his basement.......
i can assure you that I am in robtops basement right now and it does look like it
GG! RubRub have pretty nice basement xD
hmm... he must have hid all the kids away before we got here.
i wanna be in your basement rob
jesus rub your basement needs to be cleaned out its full of level
Not enough bodies. These are rookie numbers Rob.
Should be 8 or 9 stars
sweet
awesome :0
awesome :o
awesome level, well deserved epic
this is so cool i love u :))
1 down, 4 to go
Everything about this level is more than fantastic !  No complaints, nothing but love for this <3
how tf did I find this in the recent tab?!?!?
i like how he said it was fun to make but in the description of the YT video he said it was a pain
The transition at 47% might break if you're not a widescreen user, this wont effect the gameplay
I just sightread the hell out of that level and I died at the end
rip song
Imagine putting 950+ triggers into a level, but not putting the final bit to get to 1000. Idk man.
One of the best modern creators in this game right here
omg
Featured epic... !!!
gg level is fast and fun but still sightreadable
Rip song but gg
am i too late to see this level? probably. well i guess better late than never :)
This level is what youd get if you tried to express the feeling of Saturday through a gd level.
Felicidades feo
Happy Birthday . Now you are legal
anyone else recognize this song? 
voenkomat yzhe za dvery) s dnyhoy no tebe pizda
i here the coffin dance XD
1st coin: 26%, 2nd coin: 87%
Thanks for making correct slope 3d, never see that done correctly ever
Happy Birthday!! :)
who here saw the first coin but just didnt bother getting it 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
GG me vale la coins el wave es la parte ms dificil para mi
happy b day ^v^
Meme Song Happy Birthday GG! 
happy birthday
so can we have sex now
theworldplaygd its 071521
feliz cumple :D
Happy B-day. People sat that eighteen its a great age
hey, you're only a few weeks older than me!
the coffin meme is already in the coffin
awesome
ratio
Pass is 245676 :slight_smile:
Your best level yet :)
please dont be cracked
the phone:
he dont miss
Amazing level, GG! :)
O.O
i am madly in love
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS FOR SO LONG AND ITS SO MUCH BETTER THAN I EXPECTED THIS IS AMAZING
very good
Gg 300 Demons
hype
Amazing job man
can yall do me a solid and rate medium its been bothering me thank you
GG! :) 245 Attempts! Very interesting controls on the ship and UFO, it was laggy! Very fun level!
AUDi0 JUH9LE
GG! 109 attempts :)
this is hands down one of the best levels i've seen, amazing work :o
Who is Candice
This level reminds me of candice
the spelling of the title is incorrect, the correct spelling is "candice"☆
VEXES I SWEAR
bad gameplay. everything except 14 75 and 77 is free
75 and 77 are annoying but everything else is really nice
Shock Duo, great :D
the fitness gram pacer test
:trollface:
please beg sounds like as if a rich person were taunting a homeless person
sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesh
poor choice of gameplay in some parts
demon ratings (easy demon) (9 star) (medium demon) (hard demon) (insane demon) (extreme demon)
this gameplay tho 
VERY good usage of the j block, effort is put in i can tell. Id say about a feature
noice
buggy
nice
Fun :)
Holy cow that's fun!
First coin at 9%
Second coin at 49-50%. Look down
very clean, thx for the dedication!
1st coin, jump in the 8% yellow pad 9% / 2nd coin, in the 47% part jump 2 times, coin is behind 50%
25att first coin 9% 2nd coin 50% 3rd coin youll never find 
super clean, wouldve liked to see a bit more variety though
we're getting some really nice 3 star rates today, thx rob :)
9% 49% coin thanks = play my level
GG!! 29k Stars Dedicated to all my Friends <3
super clean bro congrats on the rate aswell :)
its amazing how far the gd community has made it in design
Clean
this is light mode on discord
My Last Brain Cell Didnt Act Fast Enough
Tysm! <3
i got 69 orbs by completing it on my first try um
gg
gg, all Dubst3pF4n4tic levels completed, with coins!
gg!
so cool! good gp and deco! deserves feature at the least!
Los pibardos
Like this comment only of your name is not Jeff
woooo
AAAAA thank you so much everyone <3
like if you love gamplay
vamo los pibes
GG's! Actually pretty cool! Hope this is your first CP. Nicely done all!
Che
QUE TEMAZO LA PUTA MADRE
this actually a easy demon bruh
Very nice, congrats :D
cool level very fun gameplay anyway congrest on your first cp =)
GG Gameplay y decoracion 10/10 :)
bad gameplay
I really like the experience this level gives and how pleasant the gameplay is. Congrats on 1st rate
Now this, This is deco, Congrats bro! This taught me some cool deco ideas!
We finally managed to finish something, historic moment.
bien por ti, no como yo
GG! The Gameplay flows sooooo wellll! 
GG
what is wrong with  me
Like if you like liking liked levels
it reminded me of jerusalem 
cool :)
ch3ese world
First attempt and...
AH SHIT MORTY I GOT SAND IN MY EYES MORTY ITS BURNING MORTY SHIT MORTY WE CANT MAKE IT TO THE HOSPIT
this should be in the new wario ware game
this level is hot
G you successfully made a person who is under 25 degress air-coned actually feel HOT. G great theme.
GG! Buen nivel, la cancion me encanta aunque me trae recuerdos de Vietnam (Desert Temple) XD
dessert theme
and i liked this
are you
pog
very one
This needs a feature NOW
just messing with you man this looks dope! :)
very inspirational
did you really need a double spike there
Not my proudest level, but I hope you guys enjoy it nonetheless :)
your levels never dissapoint
I love the build up! Your gameplay is always awesome.
122805 pass :) like ?
thanks for dedi man, excellent level!
brainetr=best creator, no one can change my mind☆
robtop use spotify
GG 7000 Stars!
your style is incredible
OMG Thank you so much for the dedication! This is amazing and I cant believe this got featured!
level is hot
5 att mobile
this should've got epic, I really like this level for some reason
gameplay was banging so hard
one hell of a hot level, GG
nononoNONONONONOOOOOOO
hermoso
I MUST GET 69
awesome level! :)
my eyes hurt
I forgor
ok this is actually fantastic
they really went ahead and made a song about the pyramids
fire
really cool :)
now I rember
GG! :)
also try Amnesiac by Asthae ngl ngl
mettere like se Ti diamo il benvenuto negli appunti di Gboard, in cui verra salvato il testo copiat
i forgor
GG 4000 demons!!!!! Love this level <3
I Might Be Wrong, but this level might be inspired by radiohead
woa
hi waved
Easily one of my favorite levels in recent time, fantastic work.
great to see gd creators helping out small bands like radiohead!
potente
GG 96,000 stars!
@AvaKai ora mi insegni a fare la barba solo come sai farla tu
Kid Amnesiae is real
not bad! movements feel pretty choppy though so id suggest on working on them :)
a good black and white level!
woah thanks for using my song :)
A bit rough around the edges, especially the moves, but a lot of cool ideas and progression!
Password: 131126 | Like pls. ;)
Fixend some minor bugs and visual issues. If you encounter some bugs or skips, feel free to message
1 att, GG)
GG NICE
really amazing level :)
beautiful
echt cooles level nur der spider part mit den moving objects ist ein bisschen schwerer als der rest
very relaxing ~~~
s
Wow. i really love this level
Waiting for rate soon..
reminds me of woodkid deco
Perfect...
Epic 6 Stars.
what a nice level! this is my best level NICE WORK!
W O O D K I D
good song name for a game to all ages
why is the song not safe for women
wow, this should be easy demon...
Me encanta el gameplay
NSFW - Not Safe From Waluigi
level is not safe for eyes
ive played medium demons easier than this
o_O
This level is very easy to sight-read, it shouldn't be a demon in my opinion.
NSFW Warning?
my brother loved this so much that he is dancing on the floor
Hard on mobile? this was extremely easy and fun on mobile, GG
hen:t:ai anime girl noises
20 attempts. probably seems like medium demon to mobile players/60 hz though
nice medium demon ya got there
Am i the only one who liked this?
so your saying the nightmare is 10 stars but this is 9 stars!?!?
nsfw = no simping for waluigi
Im going to post nsfw in #general
this level gave me my 40000th star of this year (2021)
thanks a lot :) this is amazing, by far your best imo
there's some nice and fluid bg effects
HI FRIENDUWU!!!!!
would have called this orac town but vaniel is more important
yay congrats on feature
Not sure about the gameplay, but amazing effects
I can't see the gamplay, can you?
HI VANIEL!!!
structuring could be better but overall really solid
i got lazy towards the end, sorry about that lol
structuring and some designs could be better but DAMN this is optimus fine (also miss you vaniel)
absolutely your best. awesome work dude :)
nice level
17k
That last triple spike with hidden icon was really intimidating
This level got me to 2k stars :ah:
is that good
oh hi cubicshadow
Arriba Alianza
Aguante Alianza Lima!!
really nice movements and designs, I especially like your transitions near the end :)
after hearing this music in rocket league SO MUCH, I'm sick of the song lol, good level
hold at the end to get the coin :)
pass is 232323  now gimme that like
Simple and exciting, nice work :)
i had no idea this song was in this game lmfao, i first heard it in rocket league- a lot too lmfao
fixed bug and secret way
like if im gay
first rated level with FWLR's Monstercat song!
hi
Coin: Hold On 97%
THIS IS FIRE
like if u know what rocket league is
biosexual
GG 3 at with no sound
Like if u play Rocket Leauge
HOW THIS IS MY 50TH LEVEL WITH 69%
bust it out? ;)
2017 likes = WERE GOIN BACK TO 2017
the name of thats sound is sus
LMAO I BEAT ZODIAC SO FUNNY GIVE ME LIKES
i am playing a bunch of bunch levels in a bunch of days, being viewed by a bunch of people. BUNCH
1st coin reminds me of the difficulty of tartarus
i tried to make the gp here more standard, and more similar to rob's levels lol, glad yall like it
how do i contact liquid i dont have its phone number
wow
DUDEEEE I DONT SEE THE SPIKEEEE NOOOOO
imagine if this is gonna be the daily
shout out to Rob for not being late this time
you know what stfu i'm going to be a geometry dash player who is actually a decent person
i respect black people
dream is overrated and i hate him
everyone go and like itsmaximum's comment
%99 of my attempts were trying to get the first coin
probs my fav from u
imagine crazen leaking his 100tb folder called homework
how is dream a speedrunner, cant even run irl
ratio
This song is adrenaline
"when youre playing a game of rock paper scissors with yourself in the mirror and somehow win"
anon
ya no se baila como antes
pretty cool level honestly, i see this level as your first epic tbh
NO WAY XDDDDDDD
BOY WHAT THE HELL IT GOT RATED, THANK YOU ROBTOP
GG! :)
anon te llama contestarias la llamada perdida? like: si dislike: no
pass is:071121
GG! 150.000 Stars :)
Let we rate that level?
That last ship sucks...
anon
471 attempts. The last ship is brutal man.
this level is so good
GG! 29 attempts :)
Anon demon
cool level, but very inconsistent in some places.
Fun level, GG! :)
fluke from 34, very solid level, just wish the last ship was nerfed and/or less annoying
The...Missed...call
Esta buena o.O
first feature and daily, gg! (pls never put invisible pads in transitions again)
Thank you very much Hikex and Yirka!
guys the fingerdash lyrics are enchanting table language
Nada mal :)
Click for Gucci flip flops                                                [here]
online dating is exciting you never know if its an actual woman or your uncle in the other room
pretty nice ^^
God loves u all and he sent his son to die for u
i guess robtop is the best creator cuz he created literally everything he created the blocks etc.
:D 
Alright, $19 Fortnite card. Who wants it? And yes, I'm
like if among us old
im just liking everyones comments since im a nice person
Fortnight sucks
if u ship luca and alberto do not ever and i mean ever talk to me just stop and think 
Decentemente decente ;)
Diria que le falta algo de ldm, pero igual esta bien :) suerte con el featured!
why does rob want me to rate 2000 levels, is robtop want me to be a true moderator
vote obama
gameplay is not fun
the decoration is more than superb. the gameplay is beyond terrible. just my opinion.
this level looks like gd
very bad gp, dont dislike my comment, this is just my opinion.
This is amazing, love the block designs :)
this is a medium demon
pass: 052520
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
We do not care @mbed
IDC
mods are more attracted to mod levels than viruses are to anti-vax kids
GG! 820 Demons, The gameplay is absolutely horrible and annoying.
epic intro
robtop approved :thumbsup:
don't send levels in a hurry, robtop'll be worried, aw. it was all part of the modding, even the scary streams
I GOT. elder mod
honestly dont like the gamenplay its uncomfortable and it has too much x4 speed but its just my idea
noice :)
mid
One of my favorite design levels of the update.
sick
Very fun gameplay, though the decoration feels inconsistent and fairly uninspired
266 attempts. I didn't have a great experience with this level :(. #1332
90 attempts, the dual ruined the gameplay for me, terribly inconsistent and awkward
pretty cool
GG! 132 attempts, I have no idea how gameplay this broken got into a rated level.. :(
GG! :)
uh.. you know what kamikaze means, right?
Very nice job to everyone, also, thanks for letting me participate :)
awesome gp
this level is cool, but the inconsistent dual really brings the level down in terms of enjoyment
1st half of gp was made by Luff (Munche) and 2nd by me (Langust). I love how it turned out, gj <3
Pass: 360223
the buggiest dual known to man
love the dual sync <333333
damn hot and epic
2222 demons lol
not a fan of the colors in the first part but still feels polished overall. good level
here b4 featured tbh
awesome
endless dream, aka: death
Wow!!!!
WOOO enjoy! 
Very bonito
Simpley yet interesting in some parts, you love to see it :)
awesome work, guys. love the gameplay a lot! <3
I thought the level got rebuilt.. there's actually 2 of them o_o
why dislike constructive criticism? how else can people improve upon their mistakes?
What a masterpiece, thank you guys for the dedication!
nice level
Your level, decoration, gameplay, song... IS AWESOM!!!! GEART JOB!!!
4 atts i already can tell this is pretty nice :)
Like if you dies at 2%
Fantastic!
10/10
another endless dream...
I love the level it goes soo well with the song :))
Amazing!
si esto no se vuelve daily demando a robtop :v
i bet the QR code is a rickroll
this level sucks lmao
wow i dont even want to know what this name is supposed to be lmao
Godly level name
why does everyone hate this level
these nuts
6 attempts. I actually really liked croc's levels a lot. She doesn't deserve a lot of hate at all :(
the community: "create for fun!" also the community: "this level is shit and made just to get cp"
This probably took 10 minutes to make. If any other user made this level, it would never get feature
Absolutely bad level, you can make levels much better than this
geometry dash players losing their mind when the feature page doesnt have an overly generic level
The Industrial Revolution and its consequences have been a disaster for the human race.
I wouldn't have a problem if this was someones first feature... but this lowkey sucks for 123 points
GG secret way
this name alone contains more cancer than Walter White
This was supposed to be a tribute to alkali, but it looks more like an insult to alkali
is it just me or this mans lvls are straight bad
The title makes me want to quit life.
Looks like a GDPS level being rated.
well, this time, this is really bad
shit level. imagine making levels just to get cp. 
wave trying to get a star rate, i see
sonic wave 
who would win: robert topert or robala topala
very fun, second best level with this name ;)
Big Big Chungus Big Chungus Big Chungus
oh no...
Like = pass 972438
this is bad
this will definitely affect the economy
this level is demon past 50%
i like you wave but this ain't it
pass?
this is fun but 65% makes no sense
65% is the single dumbest click ever created by man
So far I'm not really seeing why this is featured
siempre le dan rate s thealmightywave xd
did you really request 6 stars? -_-
F*CKING UFO -me, 11th July, 2021
????????????????????????
rly? 2.0 decore. Like!
cant see crap 
this level is impossible to see
NOT 5 stars!!! at least 7
GG! Coin is at 54% on the upperside platform :)
my foot is gone?
id say 6-7* cuz u cant see anything lmao
GG
i cant see anything
like if you couldn't see anything
wish i could see
good manor :)
spooky
I CANT SEE
cant see anything at the start
i cant even see
pro tip to gd creators: dont make levels wgere you cant see anything
Like si te gusto la deco :)
i cant see anything
hola noe xd
id be hella proud of this
7 stars my ass
i wanna say its hard to see the yellow orbs in the beginning
i am in Love
Why did you make yellow orbs on yellow background
Your levels are always so simple and yet you execute it so well it's amazing
cool, but why yellow blocks on yellow bg thats just hard to see :/
a very good example of a well-made simple level!
i cant see shit captain
it's hard to see xD
trash level
this is insane yellow on yellow who cares
pp level
every single one of your levels impresses me so much
level colors suck
I hate the yellow on yellow I can't see
yellow blocks in ball. very annoying
27att gg unique gameplay :)
no puedo pasar de 36% por el lag
dude these colors are garbage
Have you ever considered player's experience?
If this gets top comment ill dump ice on my head
feels like easy demon idk
medium demon tbh
OH MY GOD IT'S OVER WORST BALANCE EVER EVEN DECEPTION DIVE IS BETTER
er
Who else thinks this a demon?
like for easy demon, dislike for insane
if theres a start pos delete the level and then play it 
demon?
i wanna slap the mod which rated this 8*
bruh demon
should be 9 or ez demon 
demon lvl...
so uh... when are u gonna nerf this cuz this isnt 8 star
great colors
Like if u think it like a easy demon
Last spam is dumb ngl
r1vv
WHAT IS THE SPIDER PART AT THE END ITS CANCER
this is demon difficulty
you lied to me, there's no circles part.
No circles, got scammed
Robtop circles without the circles is Rbtp
what the hell... i'm #1 on a rated level that isn't mine!
RobTop balls
I did not see the wave effect for a circles level. DISLIKED
c l i c k b a i t
RobTop Circles.....but the circles part doesn't exist
cringe name but i like the levela a lot
Robtop circles without circles.
New level generation is coming! Clickbait levels!
where circles?
not a circles level but cool
Im Kinda Disapointed That There Isnt A Nine Circles Wave
bruh where is the circles part ;-;
funny rate
I'ts not a Nine Circles level .______.
Mi amigo se llama Pablo como la cancion xD
i like this map title
this is not even a circles
ceca. :)
nice atmosphere, I feel like the pixel art was a bit random but other than that this was neat :D
 Great level. Definitely feature worthy. Might wanna fix pulsing circles opacity & remove inv. slope
thanks for putting me on endscreen
ayy i just sent this
hit the orb bro omg :D xd
ceca
nice :)
big step up from groooooooovy. epic worthy imo :)
like if ceca
LETS GOOOOOOOOOO CECA CECA CECA
yoooooo
Only if I'd known long ago... That a choice will grow... Into another road.
ROB RATE THIS
GG :)
why is it not xl
like for fenkoo dislike for zua
#ratefenkfunk
this is hot
sus
Rickroll
Remember, "d4sHg30mE7ry" is one of the 2.2 vault codes =)
GUYS, anyone notice its friday the 13th??
the thing im most excited for in 2.2 is people shutting up about 2.2
me when i see someone using an overused joke to get top comment
imagine a robtop level request stream
i left daily chat for a bit and lost 18lbs
remember the digits on your credit card and your social security number are 2.2 vault codes!
remember nevergonnagiveyouup is the 2.2 vault code!
if 2.2 doesn't come out by Jan 1st, 2022. i will be depressed and probably lose hope for 2.2
Is the 2.2 sneak peak really tommorow?
Petition for like beggers to stop talking for several hours
Black people are awesome
imagine if the 2.2 sneak peek is a rickroll.....
I will not sleep tonight bc of that final creepy face
2.2= 2022
H a p p y  8 t h  a n n i v e r s a r y .  < 3
ok bye yall funnyn't
the video literally got 500k views in 10 minutes
Very Nice  :)
*paying respect to original*
GG
Nice
:)
First victor GG
you should probably work on fixing jump pad bugs by placing invisible pads that don't move!
RESPECT ACTIVATED
Pass: 911911
why are people saying too easy or omg 1att like its 5 star .
Level is very beautiful, the drop is easy, parts looks nice.GG :)
it is beautiful
1page GG!!
Cool level...
GG
gg 1 att
God911una
pretty cool level. :)
first attemp xd
gg!
bug at 55%
Me gusto mucho el resultado. 
omg 1 like = one prayer or if your a virgin
Ma gustao
por fin un furro que no pone arts de animales en sus niveles
bro is jolteon  not "volteon" wtf
we
86.000 estrellas :)
wow.. fun gameplay, amazing design, and a good song! gg :)
Nice
why not epic
there are a few too many blind transitions in this level
GG! :)
6 Intentos 6 estrellas 6k de Coins Watafock xdxd
This could be a daily if u guys want robtop to make it.
GG 96,000 Stars! <3
awesome!
*paying respect to Xarcots n Abdula* ( 1 like= 1 respect)
no se ve ni vrg
v
cant see shit: the level
I think this gets 10*, but ok
nice work on your first feature. i really like this level
I'm glad this got featured :D
endless cycle: wake up,eat,go to gym,eat,eat some more,rates,then eat then sleep
fun
how tf is this 9 star
pretty difficult for an insane
Ok, maybe this is a 10*, but there's nothing I can do to change the rating.
dude i love this
thanks a lot for putting effort in making the level better even after its rate
I'll fix some bugs and nerf it a bit to suit better the current difficulty
congrats on your first creator points
Pretty fun! A bit hard, but pretty nice overall gg :>
Update 3: fixed bugs, nerfed some parts, and requested 10 stars (even if it's too late to do that)
Update 4: fixed a bug I forgot to do in the previous update. Also, I fixed the chokepoint of 24%
Gameplay is super buggy and trippy which makes it annoying to play.
i a build a great wall a great wall 
That is demon gameplay dude.
sorry dude, this gameplay is awful imo. the only good part is the spider :(
super cancer gameplay
This gives me the sudden urge to kiss boys
Thanks to Ashkar, Agdor, Heda and Nevec for playtesting the level!
beginning is so boring...
awesome, glad to playtest
esta song siempre me recordara a ditched machine
(lets bounce) thats what she said.,.,. i bet im gunna get disliked
Absolutely amazing :D
This is great!! really fun too, i wish i could have sent it!
EPIC
Wonderful level! Just wish the beginning part went by quicker.
fantastic!
very very clean, awesome bro!!
i love this
so amazing
pass is 001234
arbys we have the meats
epic song choice
got my 1million orbs back
nice level, i love song :)
Gameplay is nice and looks are REALLY NICE, but I despise that long boring beginning
not bad :)
Really good but that epilectic effect should be removed by default
For those of you that don't know, this song is from a sandbox game called "Terraria"
I love this, I really enjoy making my part and I hope this gets rated soon :3
naks nman tol pinaalala mo pa ung mga modules ko XD
don't put custom and normal portals in the same level.  It is very confusing.
buti tapos nako sa modules q
Crabulon music = man of culture
are there actually epileptic people who play GD? like flashes are such a core part of deco
to clarify a comment, its a terraria mod called Calamity
i can't wait to see this level get featured!
modules - the thing Filipinos like me suffered during the school days, and today is its end, yay
not that bad
Should be epic ngl, awesome job you guys!
You reminded me of my unfinished module lol
Nice
neat ;p
filipinos: *dark*
nice :)
This turned out so good, Glad to be a part of this! :D
Thats Cool!
Amazing Level! GG
gg 3 coins
all coins
I like the colors, but I do wish it was less messy. Pretty decent overall :)
Nice colors! :)
Amazing designs! love it :)
Cool!
11.7k stars, gg
GG!!
GG All Coins.
GG easy
eeee
GG 3 Coins! :)
gg
30000 stars! Thank you so much! <3
GG! all coins :)
GG! 2 coins
amazing!
all coins!
COKE MASTER :))
They called me coke master in highschool
I want Inca Kola
let's goo
i appreciate the chance to verify, i hope people enjoy this!
i love cocaine :3
make this extreme again
GGGGGGGGG 787 ATTEMPTS !!!!
OH MY GOD THANKS SO MUCH ROB IM LITERALLY TEARING UP AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
hope yall like the gameplay! good luck to whoever attempts to beat it!!☆
843 attempts & 3 hours of non-stop playing | Amazing GP uwu! | 2nd extreme ^~^)/ [Worst Death: 92%]
aw nah i know asoingbob and patrice aint becoming coke masters
FINALLY AFTER 3 DEATHS PAST 90 LETS GOOOO, also new hardest too, gg!
which mod rated this to insane :/
GG! :)
gg dorami (:
when pepsi master?
fluke from 63%, first extreme demon, GG! (first mobile victor maybe..?)
RATE EXTREME DEMOWON
what is weird to me is people rate it insane and then wonder why its insane
maffaka gey
thx Maffaka for renaming my level I hate you
Maffaka nyuhay bebru
MaFFaKa, samoe vremya nyuhat bebru!
jambees got some weak eyes
I really dont like this trend of design levels being THIS flashy, it hurts my eyes
Maffaka zanyuhnul bebri
net blin chervyak
maffaka verni bebru nahuya mu radovalis chto tebe eldera dali blyat
Maffaka what is the reason of this rename? There was no inaproppriate word initially smh 
vadi takoy: nohay bebru; maffaka: lya ti krisa xddxdxd
WHY THE FUK
stav like na etot coment esli maffaka gay
sudar' 4y4 ne zhelaete li vi vkusit' vkus bebri?
a gde bebra?
net blyat yasheritsa
maffaka - glavniy dushnila RKGD
sniff some bebra
Maffaka,its time to..... NUHAT' BEBRU!!!
nahuya, a glavnoe zachem
yea im not getting top comment
like if fingerdash is easier than time machine
Day 325: still waiting for a smart comment in daily chat
these children who dislike the comments shouldnt have access to electronic devices
guys what if i name reveal
hit this button for bread                                      --->
Not to get political but I took a shit, thoughts?
this is one of the better daily chats ive seen
epic level bro but it's not epic it's featured
gotta hit the gym first then ill play this level :)
im convinced that top comment is auto picked bc theres no way a sentient person sees that and likes
i hacked this comment, you can eat it
1 like = 1% de sonic wave infinity
thx lol
why are we buying microwaves from gamestop
i want the names of the 55 people who liked top comment
no one here has girlfriend and if u say so u a liar
wakey wakey eggs and bakey! its 7pm
@mint  1+1=64  1 and 1 make 2, 2 and 2 make 4, 2 and 4 make 6, and put the 6 and 4 together & get 64
heyo
This makes RobTops level look garbage
:)
With the power of movie magic
I see a trend: Easy Demons are getting harder; Insane levels are getting easier ... I don't get it.
2nd coin dont tap 2nd blue orb then follow the arrows your welcome
1st coin dont tap blue orb at 6%
death blue screen
Cool level :)
this turned out so good dude. 
1 like = 1 Nothing
nice death screen
Not the processing we wanted, but the one we needed.
The processing we needed
I love this death screen lol
post this dub instantly
80k downloads? Nice :D
20 atts, surprisingly easy and coolest effects. 100/10
Really creative, great execution as well! Love it :)
blyat
funny effect :u
:)
not bad!
Is "You are the best" in english haha
Awesome, pretty nice overall!
Thanks for using my song!
Esta bueno!!!!
Thank you all for your support at my level <3
my only complaint is the over use of glow on the portals/orbs other than that its definitely rate!
excelente gameplay, Gg el feat depzon
increible nivel, el glow es perfecto, ahora falta el epic, exitos depzon :)
Rerate vintage forest, it isn't stolen
@ausk no problem, the song is very good :)
coll
such a cool atmosphere, love it!
OMG, thanks rob <3
GG! Pretty simple :)
master piece
God Level!
GG desgraciado, te lo mereces!
Pretty decent :)
Bruh i cant like more comments, but thx so much for birthday wishes, i love you all :'3
I love the effects and design consistancy
OMG!!! Thank you so much Rob, i love y'all guys :'3
GG Nice Level, thx for dedication =)
happy birthday!
The gameplay is fine dw
i take a weeklong break and this is what i get to come back to. AMAZING!!!!
3 cosas. 1 feliz cumple 2 gracias por la dedi.. 3 espero con este lvl logres tus primeros cps :)
i just realized im in the dedications, thank you so much :D
rate
Thx so much guys, and sorry for the bad gp :')
Skip in cube transition at 57%
this is AMAZING .. happy birthday :D
OMG IT GOT RATED :O
GG. 80,000 stars
:OOO
@Xspace1 gracias :3
El drop es una pasada. Me gusta 
thanks for putting me in the credits! :D
Joder que bonito bro :^)
I just got #inflated from playing #GeomertyDash. What did you do today? @GooglePlayGames
ayo?
2021 creators finding a challenge level to add as a coin route for their factory-made 6* level
stupid wave challenge
i rember
what if the balls got hard too
you are not funny
Screw you for that third coin
another free star level because its the exact same layout
bogos binted?
please stop insulting the gameplay i spent a long time making it 3:
I rEmBeR.
now I rember
*inflates your creator points making them big and round*
you forgor
See you when this gets rated :)
Congrats on daily!
gg, 34.9k user coins, the last coin was easier than I expected
the fact that this is actually good scares me
best endscreen of all time
why is this 6 stars it's the exact same as all the other levels
DEJEN DE HACER NIVELES CON EL MISMO GAMEPLAY POR FAVOR :(
ceru still has me blocked
dejavu, i have seen this level before
I dont understand :/ why so many levels like thiiiiis
how many rated levels have this layout now?!?!??!?!
here before feature
bunch skinned his cat run
HOW IS THERE 8 FEATURED LVLS WITH THE SAME GAMEPLAY WHAT
van tres niveles que veo que tienen el mismo gameplay jajaja
ROB OMG YOU JUST MADE MY NIGHT
fine no more gravity portal 
gg all Pryaven levels done + 48.2k stars
what is the password?! i want to know ~-~
why are there so many levels with the same layout?
deja vu
whoever made the original layout deserves some gawk gawk 3000
STOP
deja vu
#20 overall, #7 this week, 3 coins
GD: How epic do you want it?   Typical: Yes
Try not to use 492 effects at the drop challenge (gone wrong)
Please don't add indicator in places you dont need to jump. Aside from that, this is a pretty cool and interesting level :)
Some of the coolest colors I've seen in a modern level maybe ever, Awesome!
Petition for Typical and Knots collab
Nice work :)
epciccccc
whos typical
epicc
wow
Really good work :o
You can't imagine how nice it is to see you improve
i dont think ive played a more asteticly pleasing level in my life...
i absolutely love this!
love this song
Do you have any men deco?
Really cool :)
this is so goood
i farted
@Heda fixed the indicators at the end. objects sometimes re-appear due to some glitch i have
Accidental rate. Havent decided how to rate all the levels based on the same layout yet :)
the july 5th incident
please rerate this level, the gameplay isnt stolen. It was reused in several other levels as an experiment
Thanks for the comment Rob. I feel like all the levels should be featured/epic, like they normally should, considering rebirth levels are rated :)
i can guarrantee that all the stsootate including mine aren't stolen and all the comments weren't s
THANK YOU ROB !!!!
LMAO WHY DID THIS GET UNRATED
this was really fun. sad it got unrated :(
<- continue weren't serious. Thanks for all the support in the comments guys ;)
Honestly how is there to decide how to rate? All same gameplay, all same difficulty. Not hard.
WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT☆
Congrats on mod! ^^
thanks a lot guys <3
I don't know how this was rated 5 stars but to be honest with you it's around 6 and 8.
me when Stsootate incident :troll:
Robtop is deciding .....
ESTOY ARTO DE LOS NIVELES CON EL MISMO GAMEPLAY :(
Great, absolutely stunning level. It makes me happy every time I play it :)
wow i have no idea how i sightread this so easily. must have been deja vu!
e che cos'e la scoteca
ok they are 6 level in a row with the same song xd
Very familiar gameplay, ive played like four levels with it today
really original gp! fun
At the beginning it was going well but in the end it is losing visual quality :c
i could beat one of these levels blindfolded at this point lol. all STSOOTATE levels done
stsootate
liked the level until finding the 3rd coin
okay this is the worst variation of this stsootate project
I was looking for a fun level, and then I came across this one.
how did some of these get 7 stars while others get 5 stars LOL cool level tho
GG's! Very cool level! Fun to play! =)
This seems awfully familiar...
eyy GG with all coins!! got so lucky on that last one
5-6* without the last coin, hard demon with the last coin
Stsootate
yeah i wasnt getting that 3rd coin lol
i fluked from 91!!! oh my goddd!!!! no deaths at 98 im so crazy
why is this 7 but the others are 5?
LAST COIN IS SO HARD
7 levels with the same layout complete :)
Awesome, but very confusing gameplay at times. ':D
was hoping this would get epic cause its awesome
hahahahahahhahaahhahahahaHhahahahahahaahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahyahahahahah
there are two types of dashers: people who love this and people who hate this
unique
bruh how tf are ppl complaining about this it pops off
that ball part haves some problems
love this level, really fun and looks great. :)
SERIOUSLY, I DIED AT 98% 15 TIMES!!!
Awful gameplay. :/
that ending though...
que necesidad???
Honestly the first 50% of the level is good and fun to play. But the rest is pretty bad
wacky good
went thru in practice this feels like an insane with the end being easy demon
can all of you guys like my lvl 100 likes plz
good level
Awesome level!! :3
super sick.
a ha!
that coin was hell lmao
thank you so much! loving this
WHAT A COOL LEVEL! 14 cps is coming!:))
most annoying coin
really good song and colors, good job!
Oranges are cool, oranges are yummy. :3
no i do not smell
to get the first coin, tap/click as soon you touch the jump pad
You smell Hahahahha lol i died at secret way
coin de mierda y gameplay kbron pa que te duele morirte y volver a coger la coin, que hijo de puta
hate that coin, great level otherwise
34
really fun. one of my favs from you. i fell though
38 attempts because of the funny coin
fun coin. gg :)
i do not beat my wife anymore
GG! :) Cool level! (1 c)
cool
yo
yes thanks robTo
Insane that we did this, gg to all the creators☆
mfw swingcopter
Though inconsistent in quality, the amount of charm and personality this has is unmatched (1/2)
GG! :)
GG! 36 attempts, some of the gameplay is incredibly weird by I guess it's not bad? :)
The deco is cool, but the gameplay is SO FUN! Great job to everyone involved!
And for what, an SVGD entry? I absolutely adore the amount of effort put into this. Great work!
HOOOOOLY MOLY
least downloaded medium demon
ik my part is ugly but its gettin fixed in the upcoming fix lol dw 
FELLA MANS. WHAT YOU DOIN WITH DA SNOW DOE?
Lotta bugs, lotta issues. Do not worry, I know more to fix then you do. Give us time :)
bloomng was in this
...AND rdllrecksdee was in this ok
He first miniwave gib me nostalgia to DeadLocked 8')
gg
the gameplay is so awesome and fun
Like for Polarbeahr, dislike for hakcers! :) B)
GG 64 Attempts! Pretty Interesting Gameplay once you learn it, I also 0-100 fluked this! :)
make sure everyone knows my part is the best one
RussianRobTop?.... There is another
Fix that annoying dash orb timing at 71%. Level itself is sweet, thanks for dedication! :)
what?
really cool level but I agree with 4y4 :)
this is amazing! sent to mods
Really clean for the most part!
really clean, sent :)
Nice :)
Level nya bagus
asikk
there is a bug in this ship portal transition, im not sure what is causing it though
Mantap slurr ndang di rate :D
What???
stupid
why was there a sawblade in the portal
yuh so at 71% press the dash orb late... like so others can see ;)
This was my first harder, 1 year after i still loving this level
its funny cause in practice mode i pass 71% but when im in real mode i die 
Banned song?
yay
reuploading because "after dark" is inappropriate is the funniest thing ive ever seen in this game 
vortrox you left your jellyfishing net at my house please pick it up when you get a chance
reuploaded because the previous name was inappropriate and i didnt realize. sorry
my gift to congratulate you on mod is sending this :)
me omw to meet jimmy fallon
crazy cool
please give vortrox geometry rated, i want the agony of knowing he has more create point again
funny number
1 att
NOOOOOOO
congrats on mod man
im loving the vibes. awesome job as always! :)
?
Congratulations on getting mod man, you definitely deserve it! <3
I love this song
secret way
At night.  :)
cool
very nice cool better realy good easy level
BANGER.
seeing someone br*tish say theyre a gangster is comical
i have a featured level on my account that i LITERALLY CANNOT BEAT that feeling is something else
i got jamerry'ed
Well done!
i'm a gangster. people piss themselves when they see me in the streets
hey guys i just wanted to know if i do only suck at map macks or they are insanely stupid
GG! :)
thanks for dislike botting my post update cold mrog
LETS GO GG 3,582 ATTEMPTS
Extreme dmeon
get jamerry'd
this comment section
me when itza (it is a) bunny releases a new level
Swaggy Swag!
found a secret way after the duel ball at 70~ hurry up and fix
there actually are swag routes, look in the editor to find them
guy if it was impossible it wouldnt be featured
like if  you got 2 percent XD
like if you died at 88%
@itzroni that... not a real number?
Roses are red. Violets are blue. Daily Level. Still looking for you
I sent this in class
did your teacher like it
to get daily you need:generic glow level,always a 6 star with bad gp and no teleport
the only thing i made in class is the teacher angry
wait were you that kid in the back of the room with a creeper sweater?
rob make this daily challenge [IMPOSSIBLE]
how long was the class
i complete this level in class
Strange... I like strange! :D
I played this level in class and am now playing this in detention
if this was made in class, then how did u make it sync lol
Why are you still at school? it should be summer
hmmm, a gd player in summer school eh?
My dead grandma moves more than the objects in this level.
as if anyone even plays gdw LOL
In class of geometry?
i played this in class
The teacher: who is clicking so loud?
teacher would be angry
H'o'T
GG! :)
dude i love this. you best believe im sending the hell outta it
With Bad Omen Custi saved my marriage. With ROTTEN VALE Custi has succeeded in getting me a 2nd wife
Dude, this is an incredible level, definitely one of the most epic and action packed levels I have played in recent times. GG! 
WHAT THE HELL DID I JUST DO
noooo
remember the i hacked this comment so u cant like it comments?
One of the best levels in the entire game decoration wise, and to think that this was made in TWO WEEKS?!? One of the best creators.
Notice that in less than half a year we pass almost 5 years of waiting for 2.2. 
Hot level.. literally! First insane demon :D gg
nether-minecraft
Epic or I am pig.
all day play
this level is                             fire
o
be sure to drink some fire resistance potions before you go guys☆
It was an honor and a pleasure to verify this absolute piece of art!
such a sick lvl really like the details and gp GG :^)
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa me muero aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa xD
It is really very beautiful! I liked how you conveyed atmosphere of this music!
I really like it :)
this is bonkers
very nice and rate
Level #705 - It will get rated for sure, cool level :)
2nd update: LDM
GG! This level abuses of 3D effect
feature that robtop
w o w 
passcode is: 323455
too hard for 6*
nice
noice! :D
i wonder how many move triggers this map has?
OMG IS THIS COOL
well decorated but hard to tell where to jump
dang thats fast
Fun, nice 3D style, but very un-sightreadable. 6/10
unreadable gameplay
so good so good so good
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 
Very colorful! :)
this is everything i love to see in a good modern / level. nice work
POPPE GIGANTI
15 attempts. Very Easy Demon. Feels like Insane 9* to me. #1259
lol medium demon
Buggy (34%, 42%), unbalanced, laggy at the last mini ship ; overall not enjoyable.
metti like se sei italiano
Fantastic!
Ohnno mi hanno fottuto la memoria!!!
34% Randomly tells you to stop clicking but doesnt give you enough time to react for sighreading
GG 46 attempts! :D
GG! :)
GG! 5 attempts :)
very colorful, fun to play!
Demon 2001! =GG=
108 attempts, transitions killed me so much
We do not speak of where i died
34% Fixed! :)
Lol 10 attemps easier than Stereo Madness xD
TRIPLE RATE?!!!!!!!
my guy really grindin them cp today
i would recommend not obstructing the player's vision. vision is super important in this game
triple rates and first cp? congrats!
ESTE TIO ES SUPERMAN TRES RATES PUTO AMO
unbalanced
3 RATES????????
I LOVE YOU ROB
cool style
skillful!
30618 stars. Pretty fun gameplay.
GG!
visibility update thank the lord
Creative part with the light in the dark! :)
GG 6.5k stars
po
kool
5 CP IN ONE DAY!
How do you go from 0 to 5 cp in 10 minutes LMAO
Tnx for the visibility switch
I just sent this 10 minutes ago. Nice to see it rated lol
amongus
how is this not rated yet
Good
Wish the background was more cleanier. Bd seems to be very simple and basic, overall nice try! :)
i have the most liked comment :O
GG, def gonna get rate soon lol
like if u saw amongus
if this comment get 5 likes i get top comment
Like for the amongus :')
imagine if 1gtommie finished his part smh
#ratebig_ball
AMOGUS
#SwibForMod
this is a normal comment.
This is so awesome! Has to be rated soon :)
bgs feel messy, but cool
nice level
:)))
sus
Finally, one of the hardest insane demons I have beaten. GG! :)
this level is pain
The only bringer of anguish I saw was the gameplay
Reported. Never told me how to hate Flayer
nah this isnt extreme 
worst balancing ever especially 66% ship and the ending
Extreme Demon
cool as heck
GG 3489 attempts...the hardest insane demon i beat YET
holy crap thats hard
looks wonderful, but the gameplay is awful, work on it with your next level :)
The gameplay is a bit uncomfortable, I recommend putting an uldm for mobile players
Oh hey, i beat a level
GG :)
YOOO fluke from 55%
GG! great level! (@Ghosi92 your lying this level has been out for 1 month not 2 lol.)
insane LAG
LETS GOOOOOO MY FIRST INSANE DEMON 3K ATTEMPTS FVCK YESSSSSSSS
looks awesome but im not really a fan of the gameplay, maybe its just me
even with ldm my tablet is glitching
OH.. MY.. GOD......... THIS IS JUST.... AAAHHHHH AMAZINGG....... TYSM PICAAAAAA :''DDDD... <33333333
gg! 31,500 Estrellas :)
awesome as usual
this is not 5 stars
Nice!
awesome
7000 Estrellas :)
YOO GGG!!!!
rate more demons
So sweet, awww... Thanks so much! 8)
Nice
This is beautiful, fantastic job :D
:0
1 attempt gg
d
GG's.
Easy!
gg
GG! :)
kjh
Very fun level, GG! :)
GG 1222 attempts! :D
Thank you very much for verifying this great project, without a doubt you are a wonderful player.  
what this was just extreme
extreme. I think more people need to beat this so we can have a general opnion on the difficulty. ok
nice
this is extreme demon
extremon deme
GG unbalanced 
easy and fun but i played so so so bad
naw cuz this should be an extreme demon
GG! :)
WOW awesome level bro 
deffintly extreme demon this is amazing!
Before anyone gets mad at the rating constantly switching, rob or the mods whover is switching it
are obviously conflicted because there aren't enough opinions on the level or if it's insane or
let this be a extreme demon FOR ONCE.
gg
well you earned it MrSpaghetti. <3
i can beat any stait ship level if you dont belive me tell me which one to beat lol 
This is pretty cool... er... hot i guess
why is chad a country
I HATE AFRICA
Every 60 seconds in Africa by Wahffle, a minute passes.
coin is questionable one would say
pass is 131428
This is super fun, nice work!
so i went to africa and i saw this computer with this level on screen
GG! 30 attempts, very fun but the 58% transition bugs sometimes :(
I hate Africa
When I got FWLR to put this song on newgrounds, this is exactly the level I wanted to see. Good job :)
Very fun gameplay, GG! :)
GG! 93,000 stars
gg
TOTO - Africa
been to africa before, can confirm that this is what it looks like
251 att. Hopefully I never have to play this ever again.
cool lvl but wtf is this wave on 23%??????????
GG, 30,000 STARS!
58 is not bugged, tested on all common refresh rates
Kak eto ne polychilo rate? cyka blyat!
Zovite MaFFaKu
GTA V
opa musora
cyka blyat!!! Rob gde rate ti pidor!!!
Jim Morrison is a legend...
HE GOHAiTE nAAHN BN EwE MATEPAM HyWHN
it is my favourite level now
obidno chto ya zhivu v strane gde orig level nabral menshe chem challenge
Ahuety Blyaty eto shedever
Need For Geometry Dash:D
Tak je topoviy lvl, nice and GG
ne gonyaite pazani vi materyam eshe nuzni
a esli matb zdoxla gonyatb mozhno?
ebanutsa
NE GONYAYTE PACANI
this is cool actually
89k stars! GG
Ne gonyaite patzani wu eshe materiam nyzhnu
Luchshe bez russkih slov, potomy chto bez nih shans polychit ocenky bolshe
TbI CJIABA MEPJIOy?
-jak fresko-
Kapec
pizdato.
prohladno nahuy
Not bad dude
man so many ufo portals can be skipped its  not even funny
prohladno
V jope shololadno
prohladno nahuj ahahahahahhaha pizdec smeshno
prohladno
really
prohladno
Huxya TbI Da/\
ladno, horosho, ponyal, idi nahui
v zhope shokoladno
Prohladno
chocoladno
proxladno
i puknyl
Masterpiece
very unique atmosphere, really good job
Passed Afelio, #3 in user coins!!!
i dont like the core part why do you have to guess which way to go
pretty creative
change da world. my final message. goodb ye
should have gotten epic 
i dont consent to you popping off like this
this is so cool!
incredible.
it lags a little
Yesterdays Future is Todays Past -Dracosphere 7/1/21
true
one of the better 6* levels i've seen in my time! polishing was done well, overall good (1/2)
the atmosphere is profound! i like the feeling/vibe this level gives off, gloomy but happy yk (2/2)
stunning
uh oh.. i think i have diarrhea 
why would it lol
The Core is rotten
oh it does ;)
definitely not a demon lol
Cool :)
RoBtOp WaS tOo ScArEd To RaTe ThE lEvEl OwO
but like for CTPAX
Thx to Darkrozz for the bossfight design
this would have been a 1 attempt demon but the swingcopter aaaa
Maybe the first demon I one attempted.
Pass is 453699  :D
GG! :)
everyone talking bout the swingcopter, but that ufo is cancer as hell
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
rerate to 6* please
62,000 stars! 31/07/21 ;)
17 Attempts, I fluked the Swimgcopter without practice somehow, GG ^^
still not featured. robtop   are     you    okay
10 attempts. #1303
GG 5 attempts! :D
21 att, didn't die at the end, yay.
GG =)  90100 stars 31/08/21 19:03  
Hard Music i like it 
lol thanks
what the heck is even happening in this level i cant see shit
did you know polarprism is a type of rock breaking equipment did you know  i bet you didnt know tha
funny
Cool but overdecorated.
Drugs r bad
MY EYES
Decoration blinds the gameplay.
good i like how weird the ship and ball look
feature when? im waiting robtop
good concept
my eyes
I used to consider you just a cp grinder, but now I literally anticipate your levels. Great job 
cant see shit
i love you level
cool!
beautiful level
one of better levels i played. Good job!
GG! :)
I CANT FUXKIN SEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Did a custom search these last few rated levels. Only levels with previously unfeatured music :)
dam robtop has written more comments than he has kissed girls XD
no lurking
I WAS FIRST LETS GO
want a cookie?
An active GD player has a better chance beating an extreme than kissing a girl
chocolate
Oops, I accidentally beat this. Now my 18,000th star has to come from an auto level
Daily finding time
i am like bot. oppisite of dislike bot.
seriously this level is ass it ends halfway through the drop
lol my dad is a pdf file he must be great at computer things
this map would be better if you didnt abuse the move trigger at the start
no lurking
cool decor does not mean fun level
touch boobs
in soviet russia, the burger eats you
Why is this section so tight?
i breathe out of my butt
salsa on my balls boys bangarang
Really fun! Creative gameplay and awesome visuals as always from you! GG!
On todays episode of What Has Devin Been Smoking.....
first i need 2.2 for alika remake
if you remove all letters except for the s and then add a u and add another s it says sus :flushed:
gonna rebeat this with the scissors ship
do you know wat my bird gallary is
get this to the top comment so i can be happy
hehehhe beavis look, im in a gd level.
snip snip
brotha
GG! :)
insidee was the 2003 download
robtop rate this scumbag
GG! :)
108k stars
niceee
755 attempts literally the easiest and best insane demon
weird that robtop hasnt rated it yet
New devin level. Devin levels are always awesome. 
robtop hurry up and rate this
Epic work guys! i hope we'll see this in the featured section soon!
Some parts could be improved, but overall pretty cool! Good luck on getting your first CP! :)
your name reminds me of some episode from Regular Show
322 attempts (+ 3 coins). #1321
quite nice for a 1st collab, sent :)
GG! :)
verified by jeils btw, and jang is gonna upload a showcase without ldm
really really cool
gameplay feels really inconsistent.. the deco is pretty good though!
Rob, rate this lvl pls
Cool! :)
GG! 82 attempts, brain was on autopilot so I took forever to beat in normal, pretty fun :)
"imagine not being able to complete ur own level"                                                xd
that'sa spicy level 
Great job :D
Super cool
ik that no one cares, but I deleted guitar's comment and removed from dedications bcs u know why
ok, i play it on practice i really think it gets rated!
awesome work, hope to see this rated!
Cool beans
rob if youre seeing this while rating this, please rerate gepsoni's other level slime inc to epic.
my cat accidentally jumped on my mouse and I died I swear
Que du sale mamene
I like the update throwbacks sprinkled in, nice job
Pass is: 696969
gg
impressive, i like it
*boss theme intensifies*
GG's! Pretty clean looking level! I really like the vibe to this.
GGG 50,000 DIAMANTES!!!!! :D
nice level
Chill level:D
i love the old deco levels with new deco added into it
Effectivement c'etait pas tres propre lol
mamene
3402 stars! Ty
great song choice :)
gg 1 attempt
u just gave me more motivation for creating
incredible level, very nice deco, gg!
Sweet! The design is kinda messy sometimes but the gameplay is pretty fun! I like this one :)
Letizia sei una mongoloide e hai il cazzo
Squisito
GG! :)
This level is sooooo fun, loved it! :)
May 2021, the "exclusion zone" incident
bad ending
kinda messy but cool
GG! :) 233 Attempts! Good gameplay, and I also liked the third coin, nice style! Very fun level!
Ivan sei un mongoloide pt2
GG! 48 attempts :)
Eggman nega
Good ending
Pretty sweet level, very fun to play.
we do a little trolling, or do we?
FINALMENBTE DIO PROCPEWJEWRFOJIEOFUHEFGASYHFGEWGYILEF
cool level!!
I give up with 1612 att this is so much harder than a medium demon and some hard demons
awesome
can be cluttered but also cool level :o
Opravdu super collab. Jsem rad, ze jsem se mohl zucastnit! Doufam, ze dostanes epic :)
Looks awesome!
mega cool level, jsem rad ze jsem mohl alespon tim gameplayem prispet, doufam v co nejlepsi rating:)
to musi dostat epic!
GG! :)
"neboj sa RKMB, LDM bude dobre" - Zitron 2021
good level :)
damn nice
sadgely I wont be a first victor cause lazy
vyborny level lebo som v nomm
YES ANOTHER MORCE LEVEL :D
AAA.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A
ja som ti hovoril ze to dostane rate
Amazing level! Good job, hopefully will get featured or even epic :D
spapinkajte mi ritku <3
My first hard demon! 442 Attempts... GG
Really fun, 154 attempts and fluke from 36% lol
I just had a stroke
GG =)
65 attempts!!! No secret way found at 43%
To beat the Obama boss you have to know his last name
Cant set it as daily it has a teleport at the start
this is cool, now make a dababy convertible
 late Apeil fools loo
I played all the previous omegabamas just to appreciate this masterpiece more
Ultra Violence by XenderGame but with RTX:Off
The Obama boss attack shouldve been healthcare.
 I absolutely love how this level doesn't exactly take itself seriously while being executed well
when the april fools joke is epic worthy
Then DanZmeN makes Omegabama Rebirth
Hey ribtop, can we get a feature?
robtop rate this or else the obama pyramid will destroy you
Passcode: 363636
Nice
Obamadeckahedron
obama never clear
obamba?
When Omegabama V???
with 1.4 speed
Obama?
Very cool nicely done :)
Dude, this is a fantastic game recreation! I definitely enjoyed myself. GG! :)
Really good minigame :)
@knoeppel is FAKE
such an awesome concept, love it
this is really cool but hard
I really love the concept of that game! There are a lot of new gameplays on it! Good job :)
Consistently crashes my game after the second level with the rolling bomb even with ldm.
very responsive, good job
if you spam left and right at the start, you have a chance of dying 
Very fun
Rate when?
why is it still not rated !?
Very nice!
Pretty cool
unreal how fun such a simple concept can be
I touched the button and immediately crashed
amazing :)
As it turns out, I had no idea that the level crashes sometimes and I thought I'd already fixed that
beautifully simplistic concept, amazingly executed. well done.
Looks cool
This gameplay is horrendous
1
Not bad!
6 stars my ass lol
Gg ez :>
pretty good
first half of the gp very annoying
thanks a laut
Good besides 61%, you could move the blue orb @ 61% one whole space to the right.
GG! :)
#12, #2
rate more
gg, i love the designs but first half gameplay could use some work
imma send this cos its pog
cool
33218 stars.
gip alok bang
Will never understand why it starts with a wave part but its still looks pretty cool :^)
That UFO has some waaack GP
I added black stripes around the edges, this is for owners of phones and iPhones
144444 stars @Superchat
GG! :)
Fun level, GG! :)
like if here before feature
Wow drop is realy cool. This level will be your first EPIC
the gameplay felt very finicky, especially the very beginning
GG 27 attempts! :D
GG! 18 attempts :)
gg 600 demons!
wow, medium demon maybe
gg
pass?
i bet you a 100 bucks this will get weekly
well i gave you a like and i commented XD
oooooo epic??
#1044 - 21 attempts - really fun :)
that wasn't bad overall, well done!
gg 101 atts aaaaaa
Pass: 666666
here before feature?
ends on a whim? decent tho
fun gp :)
nice:)
i hope this gets featured!
Happy New Year 2021 EveryBody <3 :D
PLS RATE THIS
the drop was fun and looked pretty cool, I see this getting rated
wow, deco is great, but gp is super unballenced
Really nice, hope you can cash in on some sweet sweet CP!
Great level, great gameplay, nice level to end off 2020. "Happy New Years everyone"
Fun :)
Very nice (:
bad transitions
GG ELITE
should get rated
Nice level, I like the beginning, glow is cool and the gameplay is very good. You have potential ;)
i Beat it aaa yey
anjir keren bro :0
Oh, que lindo nivelito
This is the best 1.0 themed level i've ever seen!
I'm actually really mixed on this. It's 1.0, but the foreground is executed so well here
no practice. never again
GG! :)
Pass 70621 c:
los travels de este man estan chulos
Also I like the style. It's simple, but nicely executed. Good job! :D
really nice
Full version, hidden road fixed
lets gooooooo
Honestly a bit upset this didnt get epic, very well done
Donde esta el Epic ( ? )
amazing... like for weekly              -->
Pass is 70621 now like
The new version will show more about Chapter II and the level will last 6 minutes.
Fixing bugs...
3,400 Demons, GG! :)
I'll fix the object limit issue as soon as I can, so while this...
Really nice trigger work! In some sections it does feel a bit empty however, overall really good :D
I read this as 'Obese Travel II'
Mobile gang where you at 8)
mobile players be like
mobile
That feeling when somebodys texting you while youre playing GD... its infuriating.
POV: You're waiting for christmas dinner while you show gd to your cousin
i play in a mobile on a mobile xd
144hz bug at 78
Jezzel you are best amazing phone player X)
this level is so unrealistic. nobody ever calls me
i like how creators make songs and use them in their levels ngl
bruh amswer the call XD
Like If Your On Mobile
like si les gusto el nivel
if you are playing this on mobile: Mobileception
iphone 13 trailer????
like if you came here from Partition Zion!
1 like = i slap in the face
like if u watched partition
double moble ahhhhhhhhhhh
im playing in mobile in a mobile lol
Good level
Nice :)
Feliz halloween
2nd coin: go down at 32, hold at 39 (release at 41), fall down at 50 (small jumps right after)
kanyu fit deez nuts in your mouth
@DoMail. No en esta vida viejo 8)
100 Likes <3
Bueno amig@s, AfterTaste murio.
Nadie me Hackeo, solo me di un descanso. . . de literalmente dos dias.
muy bu3no. :3
@seba13082013. Los mods no dan estrellas que yo sepa.
hey this was nice. wish there was more 'level' to it tho. felt like 20% of it was transition
hermoso
Gracias Laurix ,Edge y Alexzis <3
Cool :)
Intentaras hacer el estilo moderno algun dia? dejo el dato por aca y me voy...
Cool level rate* <3
10000 Diamantes
Deberia estar rateado esta chido
nice
this dude is robtop V2
Depish is RobTop????? jummm....
depish is dorsha?????
can i call this empty?
this is like embers from gd world like if you agree
everybody gangsta until airbone robots with wave challenge
Dude I wish we had more Roptob-Style levels like these. How come people dont make them its so cool!
Something is missing from this level. Oh yeah, WHERE'S THE FEATURE?!
paradise
mfw wave spam in a 5 star
this level grew up on the streets
Deadlocked+Airborne robots=Gangsta
nice
unbalanced (wave)
airborne robots vibes!
the guy below me is a genius
!BUG
i died at the last wave so many times considering its a 5 star
Dorsha Moment
GG! 2,200 Llaves :)
This level's pass is: 091820. I am a bot that gives pass for you to make auto levels, etc.
Pretty nice I like how not only is there mario esque gameplay but also your typical GD gamerplay, this really sets it apart from the others
Maravilloso :D
Lets-a-crash my tablet ;)
Thank you for making my day a good day.
I never thought this level would get star rated. =,) <3
Like if your Here Before Feature!
quedaria bueno con el modo plataforma de la 2.2 :)
da da da da da da. HEY!
best mario level in gd
O M G i did 1%!!!
ive had this in my favorites since it came out. NEVER expected it to get rated but im so happy
first coin: kill 15 fishes   2nd: reach the top of the cave with the platforms  3rd: top of flagpole
Saving the princess in style :)
awesome level. like if agree
this should be a easy demon
its all fun and all til someone starts rapping
like si andan emocionados por la 2.2
ebic speedran fail
Wow it didnt crash :'(
pro tip
mlp???? more like MLG :D
Legendary
You certainly outdid youself this time, buddy! :D
Great level my friend! :3
Not bad, its pretty messy tho since theres a lot of random objects all over, art is kinda flat too
ROBTOP RATE THOISSSS88!11!!!!!!11
get the pony off my screen
Omg Rob thanks a lot!!!!
Wow these backrounds are epic :0 Could get an epic rating but im not sure
RATE THAT MASTERPIECE!!!!!!!!
This level is just a miracle! How did you manage to build such an amazing level in just 5 months?
This is by far your best imo. The gameplay, music sync, and art is incredible! First Epic hopefully!
Not a fan of the low opacity gears, just makes it look a bit messy. Still sent though, nice job :)
Amazing level! :)
Pony Gauntlet When?
Cute ponies >w<
MLG=MLP OMG
ta muy chido c h a m o y
Rate plssssssssssssssss
Epic When
Wow, this is so epic! You really deserve more attention <3
Ay really cool
nice nice nice
yes.
WOOOOAH
wow. definetely feature worthy
epic!
Rubrub plz rate this
idk whether it is modern or generic,but I know that this level will appear in hall of fame one day.
why not rate
cool stuff
This is so cool :o
this is sooo awesome. love the level GG :)
Beautiful :O
design
pass : 048975 plz like
rate it!
This is really amazing. Keep it up man
from bilibili  GG
das pretty coole
fun
Like This Comment If You Like CocaCola :)
Nice colours albeit being simple :) Felt like a journey!
I like the colors and some designs! 
Really fun and enjoyable, exactly the description of a fun level! Awesome work :)
Awesome ! 
so fun!!
this is my type of level. Get that CP BOI
i think you should also make a level with cheeseburgers and fries
I like it! The colors kinda made me (look two comments below) ... 8)
Pepsi or coke?
hope to see this rated soon dude!
this needs a feature
Hola a todos
Very fun!
glad to see its finally out and it looks really good!
Rob please rerate Vintage Forest. It was part of a project and none of it is stolen. 
Nice level! BUT only stars , not feautered and not epic :d
Sent to mods! :)
song is a lie im sorry
song is clickbait there is NO yellow or purple
like this so my mom will see this
its a hard demon please dont vote medium demon
Amazing, looks different from the usual levels
I THOUGHT THIS WAS SLEYS LEVEL AND NEARLY DIED
GG The gameplay is super fun!
should be a hard demon
h
GG 87,000 stars. Really enjoyed playing this one :)
sleyGD is crying rn
I will beatbthis at some point. Really nice. :)
activate LDM for new colors
this is definitely a hard demon
This is Hard Demon imo
sillow makes the best gameplay
cool ideas
GG! 22 attempts :)
fun fact: this was meant to be 9 stars just before release
this is in that weird difficulty area between medium and hard demon.
Colours are not nicely blended.
It's really messy unfortunaltely
La musica original que use en el nivel, fue baneada de NG. Tuve que remplazarla por la actual.
name del sig nivel: uy kieto
I think your levels are decreasing in quality honestly. This is SUPER messy and not very fun to play
Denada men, like por el buen nombre que le sugeri ;D
Robtop ?  tas bien? dale aunque se a estrellas a esta joya
this blew my mind. how is this not rated??????
Thanks, Rob!
como esto no tiene featured
Hola, Peter y Mine.
Que orgullo , Vamos Nicaragua <3
we got a level to feature, y'all
jump pads in portals. When will creators learn.
Harder 7 stars GG!!!!!!!!! <3
como es que esta hermosura no tenga featured?
robtop stop drinking and get this rated
featured
lo mejor es la cansion
cancion es c no con s pelotudo
Awesome bro... x)
I alreadyput this level in favorites and followed the creator :)
Vengo de fb, Esta muy bonito el nivel ^^
Cool
really cool! A little more variation in colors would be nice tho! Anyways, featurable level!
DhrAw x Sandy :3
roses are red, violets are blue. i think this is, the first cp for you
i tapped...
amazing
Cute Level UwU 
Pretty decent!
It looks a bit messy, but it's a nice level. | Send to Mods.
Good
very nice level ;)
c + p to block datail :( but good gameplay and deco bru :D
hermoso
for me? 
Featured??
i will let a mod see it :)
good level :)
I can see this level being featured. Although I don't see why you put invisible blocks on spikes :/
mod where are you, i want this guy unlock his "Geomtery Star" achievement.
Update: Added 2 free coins at the end!
Thank you ^~^
bad orbs
Thanks for the dedication :) Hope you get your first rate now! I love the sync man! Send to mods!
Nice level, try not to always use the same block design :)
Wait. Youre telling me that one of my FRIENDS actually made a GOOD level?? how is this possible
Thanks for free coins. :)
Thanks for dedication! I hope this get featured ^~^
i stay
Finnaly rated after 1 year. Technically my first feature but yeah.. many thanks robtop!
its finally out!!! awesome level.
this is not getting rated (from the future)
gg
orb timings for 5 stars?
im going to post this on youtube
i saw this from youtube video  :D
GG! All coins :)
Awesome lvl... The only parts I'd change would be the sudden inputs/blind jumps... Thanks anyway! <3
ratio rob
... how do you even pick the username Grenade of Tacos. I confuse
it was a random mashup of two words when i was seven or eight years old
4,100th Demon, GG! :)
... how do you even pick the username Robtop. I confuse
Fantastic and nostalgic! :D
16 attempts. #1326
Interesting 1.9 vibes here, but the gameplay is sorta weird
because the tacos blow up
this is like a 9* with random straight fly and timings
Great level. :)
hate ship parts
GG! I'm not too big of a fan of the gameplay tbh..
GG! 8 attempts :)
how do you even pick the username RobTop? I confuse..
like this comment if you found this level from aeonair
i regret my existence
Very nice! :)
GG! :) 37 Attempts! Fun level!
this is sick
Not bad! In my opinion, the block designs are just a little too simple and repetitive
Great concepts! I think you could have filled up way more space though.
GG! Coin: take the obj at 34% on the invisible platform and you automatically will collect thatatend
Feel like it could be optimized more, but damn these are some cool glitchy effects!! :0
wow love glitch style this should get featured
really neat!
hope this will get epic
rob if youre taking requests, i request you to go to the gym
nice :)
lol, i just sent a comment here last year... lmao
one of the best levels in 2021
gg 1 ATT
o wow :0 i like. original elements/deco, fun gp.
Coin: Tap at 35%
how did i do this first try
balls
Good Job!
gg
all rated levels are star rated at first
Awesome and inspiring
why me
Really nice level Mezzo!
Incredibly fun gameplay & nice design! 8)
Well done. :)
Should this be epic? Like  = Yes   Dislike  = No
i can't do this .-.
Pretty fun but I can't find the first coin :(
GG! 10 attempts :)
101 attempts (+ 3 coins). #1277
medium demon for sure...
im not waiting for myself to get a rate, i just like watching rates happen
Great level! Definitely Epic worthy imo.
click 9 times in 33% wave for first coin, ik it's 1 year old but please stop doing it mezzo
I love this music. Nice level :)
GG! :)
yes
very yes demon
good level
this is a medium demon
still waiting for this to get rated
blyat!@*&Gfisefywe879hiujgu7i1y9e2h
i hate creators
thats just evil
Really neat designs in the whole level but the gameplay feels so uninspired and boring
GG! :) 22 Attempts! 39,500 User Coin! Very fun level!
28-72 = badland
muy gracioso lo del final, jaja me rei
okay but why tho D:
nice!
I hate your level :)
Nice level <3
This level unfinished. I continue build it after holydays :3
Okay, I disliked because this gameplay is shit and the end is 30x more shit. The deco is amazing.
Others PPL:Nice level!  Me:NICE ART!! XD
el pepe
perfect lvl
I'm going to like this level right now cuz of the end art XD
wow so fast
wrd
cool deco
C MOJIOKOM
its so weird in an awesome way
milpops
uhhhhhhhhhhhh
I like the colors and the ideas!
this is really cool actually
Very neat level, I like how your brain works 
what...what...what...
hlopya
shit gamplay
gg
what even is this level
Nesquik s pivom
gg 28 attempts
eh
H, wat
lal
h
3500 stars
GG
Fun Fact: If you travel you want to get somewhere
Nice drop! =)
Neat
Awesome job :00
Bruh Rob is naughty it needs to be FEATURED! COME ON MAN ROB IS LAZY! its SOOOO GOOD NIC EFFECTS!
Not bad:)
RooooobToooooooooop RATE WHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEN
yooo nice
Incredible job as usual
HOW IS THIS NOT FEATUREDDDD
epic in the BAG!
gg
GG! :)
GG top 118
Wuat?
Epic-worthy... Got no other words to describe this beauty... Thanks... GG... <3
GG nice fluke 64%
rob rated 2 levels with the word colorful on a row
why is this not rated???? so gud
After more than 5 years i've never seen such an humiliating death.
Nice colors, Sent 8)
Really cool! sent .)
How is this not popular yet???
Great level dude
try to work on gameplay and transitions, deco looks nice
Not bad! Gameplay isnt the best, though.
What a neat level! Really fun to play!
why not RATE?
I personally really like this, well done!
yes
epic ;)))))))))))))))))))))
i found a good level in recent?
Kinda wish the colors had a little more variation. Still a good level tho.
cool :)
Gameplay could be better but designs are awesome!
very awkward gameplay
epib
cool :)
Cool!)
this is actually really damn good
like this comment is you play brawl stars
lol
brawl stars top!
Do LDM cuz i cant play this on my phone
like if you play brawl stars gamers
like if from partition
added LDM, youre welcome
pass : 442684
I first liked partition!
KTO C TIK TOKA Like
Like if you play brawl stars. I do!
Who else came from partition?
bubble kvas
like esli babl kvaser ----------------------->
Epico level 
Welp, the lag on mobile is something pretty annoying.
#Nerf Band-aid #StopTheSpin #WhereIsBrawlTalk
like this comment if u hate edgar
ETO SHELLY V ROT BERET
LOVE BRAWL STARS THATS WHY I HAVE 14200 trophies
Sent to RobTop :)
GG, thanks so much for using my gameplay :3 Good luck on that deserved feature!
like in 50 years maybe
Omg so fun!!! Highscore you did an AMAZING job on ur block design :D
thx so much Peton :D
Nice
Even though it's been 4 years since publishing, it looks really solid today.
cool
ok
why isnt this rated?! It deserves it!
sent to rubrub                                                                  if i was mod
Woah...
Good gameplay
epic level
Noice!
99th like Awesome lvl Rubrub!!! lets get u to 100 likes! :V
thank u all for 200 likes :))
featured
I am eating pineapple.
really good, but deco at drop is kinda effortless and takes away the feature :\
The f*ck? Someone is messing up with the likes & stuff.
To the new people: The level got mass bot-disliked, so... you could help me a bit to fix this?
Because there are good hackers out there, can a good hacker fix this?
why the dislikes
I hate hackers
Wtf, who hacked in all the dislikes??
y yall disliking?! this is good!
Why so many Dislikes, its a cool level
good :0
wtf dislike bot
dislike bot will be countered by mass likeing by players all over the world
'stars requested: 9'
GG! 115 attempts :)
WHAT IS WITH THE DISLIKES?!? #StupidDislikes
5 likes xd
GG! :)
this is NOT a good level
Pass = 836150
Best 2.1 level ever! Epic Hard Demon! I swear if RobTop doesn't rate this, I will destroy the world!
THIS IS THE BEST 2.1 LEVEL, ROBTOP WHERE ARE YOU?!?!?!
noice
:o
GG! :)
you do realize this was made years ago right @namedname
Good level but gameplay is a little buggy :/
GG! 237 attempts, I was very unfocused but this is a pretty fun 2.0 demon :)
GG! :) 413 Attempts! Standard 2.0 gameplay, died 2 times on the last ship, very cool music! Fun lvl!
Robtop notice...
Omg....<3
pass is 889977 :)
Ribbit? more like Rebeat xd
Love it and love codex ! :D
GG boi
frick
GG;-) 
5th on leaderbord ye ye. Lucky enough to have beaten this. GG :)
i saw codex make his part in a live stream
if the orbs weren't black and were the actual color they're supposed to be, this would be hard demon
pretty fun, probably a hard demon though
OK
If you are new to daily chat, then hi, welcome to your worst nightmare. Have a wonderfull time. :)
POGGERS
I wrote ligma on a sticky note and put it in a public toilet
guys i killed a mini wave on the title screen bow before me
how is this not insane?
I AM TRAPPED IN GEOXOR BASEMENT
pass: 145145
neat designs and fun gp :)
the emoji movie is so cringy like they should have prisoners watch it for their punishment
robtop sacrifised himself for pointless thumbs that will be given to people he doesnt even know
roblox when someone says "#### ## #######"
When the hostages are begging, but the chips are worth getting! Chips Ahoy! We're here for it.
look up "doctorjazz from geometry dash twerking with dream from among us" in gifs. its funny
why is rubrub giving us terrible gameplay dailys :/
robtop die????
Navafy: I'm homophobic :) (Also Navafy): Unban my ip please :(
people just dislike and then they have the cooldown 
like for 2.2                                            [2.2]
phobia of having a phobia of phobias
i hate friday night funkin fans so much
im actually in love with this level
7 likes and i will eat my brother
Like if you farded while playing this
ok bro, stay popping off. I loved this
super original
this is FANTASTIC
damn that sucks, anyways as i was saying
this is very original bro sent :)
This is awesome but a little tough for a 5*
gEt mE tOp cOmMeNt nOw
if this doesnt get featured ill throw a waffle iron at robs face
OUR new level
My new comment
dope
your new level
im literally reading the only real comments 
bruh first daily lets go
5 likes: Coming out
poop level 
34569 stars.
i requested 2 stars lol, i tought it was ez o.o
Slightly inconsistent in the choice of styles. Neat background effects, though.
This is like 5*... sent for feature :)
Whatup
COINS! 1st coin: Up at 77% 2nd coin: Down at 97%
like if u hate covid-19
Did you know that NaN spelled backwards is NaN?
They aren't dislikes, they are pink likes
les apuesto a todos a que esto sera el daily de hoy 
who else liked the ching ching money making sound
the name was inspired by an error in Java                                   that says nan       (8
Honestly, I'd rather have dislikes than 0 likes because it verifies someone read my comment
GG! :)
This is so Incredible :)
1 att gg
Like si juegas esto en movil y te da lag la parte final XD
I remember this song
Pass : 555555 like pls
Not A Number
I beat this by clicking with a pen on mobile.
RobTop has an eagle eye power to look for the best levels. Maybe he can find this level soon!
Cool backgrouds, it's a shame the level ended a bit abruptly :(
unpopular opinion: 5* levels are harder than 6* levels
Transitions could be better
i hate like//dislike beggars, stare pointlessly at this if you agree
transitions look unpolished and there could be more ground spikes and stuff in parts
I really like the background
top comment is like education it's hard and not very important. you don't need to know blood cells to be a computer scientist.
digging the backgrounds
Everybody gangsta until likebegging comments actually fxcking work
So how are you all doing guys? Having a nice day?
how about a monthly hard-insane demon? O.o
the kids saying mods are bad are just keyboard warriors on overpriced trash sponsored by ninja who are lowkey jealous that mods get top and they don't
permission to fart
amazing level :)
Backgrounds are sweet! ^^
gg 
Hello there
Dreameater how do you make good blck design
@soylan honestly i'd dislike i'd rather be a fortnite kid than support a homeless mexican car accident like you
Android es mejor que IPhone
I like how clean this is, even though the ufo could have used a few more structures in my opinion.
miitopia
Nice
1st Coin: Collect The Bottle. 2nd Coin: Jump And Tap the Hidden Orb. 3rd Coin: Activate The Trigger
nice :)
awesome!
Super clean style, miss this type of level.
I thought the title said miitopia.
Like if you died at 94%
first cp rates ?
GG! All coins & 6,300 User coins! :D
Very enjoyable level. Also 121 coins!
Siemple y bonito :)
beatiful deco, and no bugs
beatifull level dude!
free user cion
I love Shampoo
muy buen nivel, combina perfectamente con la musica
Exelent Work
Gameplay could be executed better but at least isn't bad :)
sweet
no way you ended at the best part of the song
GG activen el smooth fix para que se arregle el bug del 65%
died to the bug where some jump pads wont register
weird how 50% of the gameplay is just clicking orbs and orbs in portals
maledetti ciociari
GG!
GG! Very good :)
Gg! 25,555 Estrellas xD
@Arb sorry xD
GG!! Amazing :)
gracias @bryan150 justo eso iba a poner :D
My 302nd level beat!
 uc
GG.
mad 1.9 vibes
GG's. Pretty cool level! Game play is just a little inconsistent with some bugs.
cool gameplay !
gg Gameplay could be a little better tho
Coin 1: 25%, Coin 2: 64%, Coin 3: Free.
simple and relaxing, wonderful! :)
Perfect example of a clean, smooth, and feature worthy lvl
thanks rob and mods!
i need 6 likes for top comment wot
esto deberia ser easy XD
The gameplay has tired me out. I almost fell asleep
gg.
cool probo el level xd 
GG
Love it
muy buen gameplay y gracias por la coin gratis :)
1 attempt
:3 coin
1 att
SO CHILLLLL I LOVE IT <3
bug?
GG ALL COINS :)
<3
3 att
Primero
Happy birthday! :goodvibes:
happy birthday
Gracias Shaggy :DD
coin= 16%........74%........90%
nice designs and colors for a modern level, kinda neat :)
Very Clean, nice work btw happy birthday dude :)
VALIO LA PINCHE PENA CREAR EL NIVEL VAMOOOOS XD
GG RATE
Good lvl, star/featured
un gusto haber participado uwu
GG!
Cool level! I'll send for only star rating though, air decoration at points could be better.
Agarre la ultima coin sin ir por arriba, fix. Nice lvl
lameee
A YA LE DIERON RATE GG SI PUTA XD
thanks for dedi, happy birthday :)
happy birthday, good level :)
nice level, thanks for the dedication :)
cuanto apuestan a que esto consigue featured hoy?
This gameplay part is bad
robtop: GD has NO in-app purchases!!           scratch and potbor: .____.
Daily chat whats up
0%-76%: pretty easy, 77%-100%: really hard excuse me wtf
What was that ending
Duolingo bad, I take Spanish lessons from Guitar
lol ending is extreme demon
El gameplay esta bueno salvo la transicion del 82
insert spanish stuff
3/4 of this level is sleeping and last quarter is straight up an unbalanced difficulty spike
10 likes and i eat myself
Fabulous level my bros, they look super great, thx for the dedication !! I love them <3
mariokart wii is top 3 best mario karts 
0-80% normal, 80-100% demon 
<3
En cuanto a la decoracin pues tampoco est del todo mal
My day be so fine. Then BOOM, daily chat
i wear a mask with a frown for hours till i drown
im still liking yalls comments i need some respect here
Comment flagged as spam
Rate this, RobTop
i got past room 10 and the game crashed  awesome
RIP mobiles (ME)
nice minigame! kinda annoying that you get stuck for about 2 sec after you rotate
rotate me, stepbro
sorry if the game crashes after passing a certain room, but i don't even know why this is happening
the fact that gd levels can be made better then most mobile games is ironic
Wait. ROTATING SOLID BLOCKS IS ILLEGAL! GET HIM NOW!
The crash bug has been fixed. Thanks to MS55
"play my levels!" posts are the worst
*rotates you*
GG! 152.000 Stars! 23/08/2021 :)
getting both coins is so hard
this currently has under 1000 downloads, let that sink in...  underrated as hell
2 coin is very hard because of cooldown rotating
it got boring so i left
rotate your mom
room 13 kinda imposs...
i on mobile :(
my game crashed at 90% bruh
i think rifky made this as i sign for help
today, we will be counting down top 10 hottest female sonic characters
is this a cry for help
Quite enjoyable to play :)
Awesome BG !   <3
Opyat bukva G perevyornuta
gg! epic level
Awesome! movement and effect its very cool
transitions need fixing apart from that all is good
hello robtop :sunglasses:
Epic
666th Like!
;)
Rifky needs an epic tho ngl
Really enjoyable gameplay
welp I can say I was here before the star rate
.-.
Imagine doing a like if comment xD can't relate. Like if you agree.
who else heard the "oof" lol
awesome!! finally a 6*+ level that i cam actualy tell whats going on!!
bad transitions tbh
pretty good
the transitions are dogshit and the last part is stupid
true
Designs are repetitive but the atmosphere is nice and the gameplay is fun! Sent to mods.
Bad transitions.
why does this feel like a 7* and an easy demon at the same time
ngl, i really like this. you dont typically see this color scheme used often. nicely done :)
reid
Do first CP rates
First victor!! I have no words.
You're welcome! I was happy to help.
Cool :)
bro i dont like the gameplay
?
gg
:)
hmmmm... smells like    i n s a n e
I love this song
but still i have to say that this is an incredible level
Fast = 2 hours, Faster = 3 hours. How ironic.
if it took you an hour longer to build this than Fast, shouldnt this be called slower?
Hey guys, I'm new here!
ok, now make a level in 1 second.
Daily chat is the equivalent to drinking orange juice after brushing your teeth
Doofenshmirtz. Like if you know this name.
if this gets top comment i will drink                                                         water.
e-boy > e-girl dislike if you agree!
RobTop help me i can't write espaol 
2kb 
roblox bad, gd and minecraft good
now make a level in 1 hour. then ill be impressed
god creator
this a certified bruh moment
*poop joke*                                         sorry someone had to do it
like if you watched robtops 2.2 sneak peak live stream
like if u are on mobile
    like = 2.2.     dislike = 2.2 never.    ignore = donald trur
if you dislike a level give proper criticism, not just say "I HATE THIS LEVEL!!!!!"
if you ask a woman to ra.pe her and she says yes, would it still be ra.pe?
i feel like ima look up those cooridinates and its just gonna be my house
btw the level name is the coordinates of the rainiest place on the planet
wait, how did you get my ip address
It is Cherapunji (India), the wettest place on planet :D
The flood is coming.
warning:massive flood ahead. please complete this level to evacuate immediately
yoo
banger
me: hit those blue things to get a coin! level: wth are you doing...
every detail matches so well with the rainy vibes this has, no words it's just perfect
england
Play Rainworld
coin reminds me of cycles
Inspired by the game Rain World?
don't know why you didn't name it "England" if you were really going for the rainiest place on earth
I liked to hit the blue lanterns- my obsession was often fatal so this took WAY too long to beat :p
Very Cool :)
this is why ur one of my favourite creators
play rain world
how havent i seen this before this is sick
BRO HOW DO I ALWAYS MANAGE TO- ok, my biggest fear is being rickrolled at the 2.2 sneaky tmrw . . .
LiKE tHiS cOMmEnT FoR FreE rOBuX
why do you check comments? do you want a coin tip?
planet earth gang
2.2 SNEAK PEAK WAS EPIC
anyone exited for the sneaky peaky tommorow
Like if you live on earth (teehee, you see the trick here is that everyone lives in earth so you hav
I didnt put an s block there, cry about it
if i die at 69%, i have to confess one of my biggest fears. less go
curse word
Like if u are human
to get second coin skip first orb in robot (~63%),then hold in dash orb and release after saw :)
Theres a few small adjustments i will make pretty shortly, trying to get daily with this one
2.2 ne viedet nicogda potomy chto rob leniviy kak vsegda
like if you saw this comment
bro that wiggly background thing is so cool
damn shouldve been epic this is hot
I mean honestly im not gonna get offended if you dont like my level, you have the right to feel that
my pc said -1 fps xD
art
Pasen CP
Coin 1: dodge custom orbs. Coin 2: hit toggle trigger. Coin 3: spam at the end when you see the coin
un buen nivel en recientes :o lo unico, que la ropa del principio no es marca sublime, sos alto capo
no comprendo espanol
Enviarlo a modereadores para su respectiva revision y envio... Te quedo genial!
Cool :)
GG haz!!
All your levels complete!
jmbfs
muy buen nivel
te felicito Hazz, al final lo consigio!
GG! All coins! :D
yummy
holy nice
wow nice level
found this in recent tab wow
gg 1at
Igualmente lo que dijo el de abajo
Hail the Snail!
Gucci!
guys dont say the name of the level without the first syllable!!!! worst mistake of my life.........
OMGGGGGGGG
.
you are by far the best unknown creator Ive seen, almost epic worthy
sick first cp level, really nice
great energy buildup! also nice level!!! so great bro, happy 8th anniversary!! :D
ball part is butt
Imagine if this got daily
Bug on 75Hz... Maybe I have to time it differently but don't have time for that right now.
you finally got a rate, gg!
qe?
bug
._.
yeah that buggy part is making me rage
ppiness
died to 59 3 times in a row
gg coin
Such a cute little GD birthday level! I really like it! Nicely done! Congrats on the rate! :D
I HATE THIS
It isn't funny diying in the same percent 15 times. =(
top 100 WOOOOOOO
had fun rushing my part out and i think this turned out solid for 24 hours
Dedicated to me (me)
Playing this on mobile hurts my soul
they actually made a spark level
sparks (mega)
cerufiffy☆
Spark
spark
spark
gg on mod, after so long :)
parts: nyx, braedenthecroc, ratquesadilla, cerufiffy, thetrueeclipse, me, thealmightywave, pahc
I wonder who made this level..
The invasion of Spark has arrived
wait its all spark
spark
Dont like the gp.
holy ducks the buildings spell spark xD
this guy tried tk make a demon lol
the ego on this man
gg! :) so many first cp rates today
dont do demons what about that
46.900 stars!
I dont, looking at this again only one part is empty and thats the part at 56%
gg 5 attempts
Why I feel like the first ship look like Trip Trippy first ship
gg
congrats
GG secret way
gg
Thanks for the nice comments, glad this got rated! Stay tuned for my next level :)
gg
i finally get icon "geometry creator" :D
for a sec i thought the song name was "never gonna give you up"
boris fx vse zaporol
I put my icons' colors and the UFO part at 54% became invisible lmao
this is basically trip trippy if it had the colors of the mcdonalds logo
GG!
Intresting using of colour!
GG!
awesome
GG! 178,000 Stars! 26/12/2021 :)
GG! 36 attempts, this is very fun and fits the song perfectly :)
this is awesome 
why i died in the esiest part???????????????????????????????????????
sad spongbob
WHAT
hard demon
whats the password?
just ended up going for all 3 coins seperately as getting them in one was too inconsistent! (2/2)
#1781. Good but 1st and 3rd coins are annoying
Aphotic complete!!! This is awesome :i
1534 - not sure why the comments are goe but i'll rrplace mine since i passed DENM with this course
Pass is 002020, like so everyone can see! :)
rip comments
actually fun slow gp, gg!
61% is extremely obnoxious. Other than that the level is fine.
GG! #1372
#1129
hard demon in my opinion
This felt very empty but I really liked the arts, theming and gameplay :)
Coin 1 (1/2): go down at 5% to get the spade and dig in the sand at 10% to get the bird seed.
Coin 1 (2/2): touch the plates to attract seagulls, land on the one at 43% and go down the slide.
OMG IT'S RATED THANK YOU SO MUCH!!
imagin diying at 95%
Coin 2: alternate route at 78%, miss the jump pad.
found the coin solutions on yt bc im too blind to look for them myself. thx plasmagd for the vid
this is his second feature btw, his stats just haven't updated yet
this will probably be my last level in a while since college is starting soon sorry!
#16
incredible immersion and amazing coins <3
ooh new plasma level
72.224eme stars
Fun coins
awesome theme !
damn bruh this one long ass boat
YOO ITS RATED
the seagukl part is silent
2nd coin : Avoid the red pad at 78
Later, avoid the black orb and jump at 40. Then, just dont tap at the green orb
the gameplay is not really good :(
i love it when kids steal assets from me it gives me an opportunity for humiliation :)
This level has some stolen assets from multiple levels including Lucid Flashback by X1RON.
reallu bad, not to hate but the gp just isnt up to par
inspired in shards of siveria :)
annoying movement
like if you accidentally went for the first coin
half the portals are normal the other half dont even try to show you which portal it is
sweet colours. congrats on first cp
all coins, gp could be better.
GG congratulations on your first featured ;) and tomorrow the sneak peek!!
That troll 2nd coin ruins the entire level
Coin 2: Collect key at 29/30%
CANCER
please never make this type of ship gameplay ever again
71.069eme stars
stolen assets, bad gameplay and bad movements. the potential is there but this just doesnt work
gg 17 attempts annoying final ship
featured this special coooooooooool
Gameplay is awful, other than that good level
177,000 Stars, GG! :)
Nice Jenkins :)
nice
interesting
117,000 Stars + 3 Coins, GG!! :)
Nice work!
great level, but maybe work more on gp next time. however, i did enjoy the visuals a lot! :D
This has to get rated right?
GG All Coins. For 2nd Coin: Jump at the "Coin?" text at 30% to take the coin route at 37%.
Realy good
cool :D
Wow
ala :O
gg 2 coins
Nice one bro <3
GG
3 att gg
#12 overall, #2 this week, 3 coins
GG! All coins :)
5000 Stars! Nice :)
A blind man walks into a bar.                And then the stool.               And then the table.
this man is filling the hole that presta left
my man is in an intimate relationship with triple spikes
Whole Lotta Red
I absolutely love this level
I came for the swans reference and was not disappointed
roses are red, voilets are red. the sky is red. . . mom i think im colorblind
Testing... one, two, three
my brain tells me to beat this level, but my anger issues tell me not to
This should be medium demon :^
GG nice :D
gameplay reminds me a lot of the best 2.0 demons, very nice
this feels like a michigun tribute level by wulzy
GG 21 attempts, was fun at first but quickly became annoying #1171
91 attempts (+ 1 coin). #1318
98 atts. I don't like how inconsistent this gameplay is
i hate this level
my left ear likes this song
GG! 65 attempts, really good :)
I swear to god I've been playing this game for 6 years and I still die to triple spikes
Really creative challenge idea
interesting idea :)
this is the recent tab level 71906839 :)
rate this pls
the most coolest challenge idea i have ever heard of
Woahh another level with my song. Thanks :)
i said shut
we dont talk about what happened
1 attempt gg
Lag
nice job)
Gucci!
its amazing (if the future see this hallo this level i commented when isnt featured)
Cant believe this got rated lmao
gg bloopdbath
pretty damn cool
GG, unique
I HATE ETGX
gg 3 attempts
Lag.
I would need literally one like to get top comment
Fun
GG
mogged
gg
Really nice work! Keep creating :D
h
GG 14 attempts :D
Very cool!
Calvin and hobbes
GG very nice level, the gameplay and the music floas so well together.
GG :D
gg
Fun Level!
:o
GG!
Very fun gameplay!
What?
Gucci!
the sequel, coming soon: the corridor
not bad, a bit too simple at times but decent enough for a rate
Woo Gg!!
very hot
how is this a 9 star? its unironically a 6 - 7 star ngl. anyways good level
now daily cmon!
Heck them kids
fantastic
Some parts could have more stuff going on, but I would say its feature worthy. Also feels like a 7*
the last ship transition would b more readable if the invis ramp turned into a dashed line
neat
very fun. GG!
fun
i dont understand why this didnt get epic?
very cool level
Looks simple but good
Pog
supa cool
no
gg
I did get annoyed while playing this, but its still a decent level
1 attempt!!!! yesss this level is awesome
ogo! ebal taimingi!
presta alt 2/50 found
gg on the rate. this level slaps
first attempt. how
GG! :)
GG! 8 attempts, only 1 in normal, pretty stressful :(
STUNNING!
GG after 92% x2. Please nerf the last 2 jumps before the last red orbs :)
i cant understand how is this not epic
sick nasty stuff
kTO |/|3 TIKTOK'a?
Too hard to be an easy demon
Really cool
this is sick
from hard demon to easy demon?? seriously??
first attempt almost full sight read :(
this is easy demon lol
Rip cecret way
guys can we ratio DashDragon23
if this gets top comment ill beat this level
massive amounts of tomfoolery
My 172nd level beat!
xD i thought it was another dash orb :)))
yoo 1k likes
how to get top comment: be mod, creator of level, or be robtop
gg
Now see this is where I wonder what rob is doing :( this 100% deserves epic
71.886eme stars
#167 overall, #11 this week
gg 8 attempts
gg 7 att
GG Finally.
what?
h
this level shows up with the coins option selected so this leve apparently has coins
a
gg
GG :)
GG!! 3 Att <3
DENNYS
why does modern look so easy to make, i just do glow design levels.
10.000 STARS
Thank you!!
pedro castillo
Congrats ;)
Wow GG Dennys ^^
updated the background :)
This liitle manuever is gonna cost us 51 years...
Casi muero al final por un lagaso XD
gg
COOL
28,2k estrellas
HEY
nice one dennys
un poco estatico pero buen lvl :)
GG
Dennys in magic tab let's go!
Congrats on getting magic tab my friend! Sent for star, really good but there could be more.
i thought it was going to be about space
Congrats :0
if this gets top comment i will watch dream mask music video
I love the theme! Really hope this gets fratured
a high insane demon would be slightly more adequate. maybe time will tell (2/2)
tbh even i'm not sure if this is super high insane or super low extreme, but probably  (1/2)
????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
harder than crimson clutter? so hard level
Gosh one person says amazing gp then another says trash gp... what's going on XD
Lets just say i beat it
this is really neat ngl
so unbalanced it threw the entire earth off orbit
i hope rating this level
Get me top comment so mulpan malds
GG! :)
one of the best insane demons gameplay wise, very enjoyable and easy :)
we had an easiest extreme for a bit there
my grandpa died two days ago, this is for him, wherever where you are, i love you grandpa
You're not funny, You're not clever
GG
OMG BEAT IT ON LIKE MY 4TH ATTEMPT TO THE WAVE. practice paid off, 877 attempts, amazing level :)
not bad at all, but I would have liked to see more appealing visuals and colors throughout
porto rica
porto rica
Members: ausk, shadowaxekid, GMoney03, Kiffin, Charaa15, LenzeIium.
even though my part is very bad I enjoyed building this when I had the time. thanks for the chance!
dude the level above this one is called inersellar too.
Pass is 000222
20 CPS WOO
rocket league decal?
Thank you for letting me build in this! Im so happy we were able to help complete the series :)
cool af
:)
YOO GG ON 20 CPS LESS GOO
GG!
It's quite inconsistent in terms of quality. But I still really enjoyed this. Nice series :))
gg
nice!
GG! Very nice :)
Hey Im in this collab! Also GG on 20cp
lol 1 att
im not krmal
There is no top comment so I will take that position
tabu this is absoltuely beautiful, thank you for your levels :) :3
sick
Its simple levels like these I end up liking more than other levels
pro tip: hold after the first jump
gg! unique and fun
Didn't know KrmaL made 7 stars
um what
The slopes in the ball part are annoying , also the very first part could be more interesting
GG Finally. Very repetitive & annoying imo.
Nice.
Cool level and all, congrats for STEPPING OUTSIDE OF THE BOX or whatever. NOT a feature. Put effort.
ship part = copy and paste - copy and paste - copy and paste
why is this featured
gg
gg
Sick!
simple yet really hard, i just suck.
23.000 coins, GG :)
Bueno pues otro sent
My gf was named Lysia. She dumped me. POGG
If i get 100 likes at this comment ill beat ToE2 and Clubstep
I have a challenge for daily chat. Be normal
I don't understand nothing, thanks for daily rob!
Bueno pues ya que advy lo envia, no vamos a ser menos
5 likes and i change my name to P3N1S
__/\/\___/\/\/\_____[._.]___/\_________/\/\/\_________/\[]/\/\/\[]/\_________/\/\_____/\/\/\/\
si
1 like and i will delete GD... (not fake)
si
pretend i have a gd elder mod badge. now i need 74937493793837492874938393 likes in 2 seconds.
My sister is watching kung fu panda rn
pogu
Where is my First comment
Good level =D
Top 13, nice
another day of mods steal top comment
No way I got banned
Moment of silence for the gd xoroz deleted
We will accept this level as your resignation. You are hereby banished to Fortnite for eternity.
i hate tik tok
Quite a level name
fornite sucks
Why someone who hates GD gets feadtured
stinky burger made the deco and he made the layout i uploaded thank you stinkyburger
This level Was a Collaboration with me.Thank you alnoc For The opportunity to Collaborate
lovely level, sync is phenomenal. great job alnoque, i hope this'll be your first feature!
Did I see a Mystic face or am i trippin
i hate free fire
hahaha fortnite bad get it i said fortnite bad please laugh please it's super funny please
I hate BTS
I hate hating geometry dash
first coin: fall down with dash orb at 59% and click in the corner of the cube!
transitions are hotter than my grandma
i LOVE geometry dash
Sponsored by The Impossible Game
i honestly agree with the discription
i hate alnoc25
99% of the comments: I hate (enter whatever tf you hate here)     1% other
new 2kb level... life ruined...
1. coin don't touch upper blocks on mini wave 2. triggers 54%, 54,5%, 55%, 59%, 61%, 62% coin at 70%
3. fast let go pink dash orb and jump on block,jump on 87%,skip pink orb and jump on block, coin 91%
state of grace more like state of my face seriously what are those orbs i'm so confusd where are my parents mom i'm scared please send help
nice :)
pepsi
designs could be more interesting but its very clean. Sent for rate :)
Lmao i got funny number ha ha funny
when the coin route is much harder than the star rating be like:
Amazing level
All your levels complete! :>
GGGG
wow Cool!! Gameplay Relajao! :)
317 attemps! 19th victor w coins! GG :)
kalabasa
oh my god. 3 coins. finallyyyyyyyyyy. there was no way i was getting all of them in one run
gg 2 kilobytes
coins really werent as bad as i expected
New Zipiks comment... GD Ruined
3 coins, 164 attempts + 28 on a copy. i wish you didn't have to go in to the editor to find coins
like if you came from star recent tab
First coin: skip the green orb at 6%. Second coin: jump over the purple pad at the end
you dont deserve a hug because of this gameplay
def rate worthy but it feels kinda empty but busy at the same time if you know what i mean
like for a free hug. ;3
Like for Michigun, Dislike for ViPriN
Hold yourself back rob
Felices fiestas a los y las dashers del peru! :) 
like if you hate like if you comments
Very nice level but the gameplay is a bit confusing and have a bit bugs :)
I love the level title tbh >3
bugged
bad gameplay
100% rate
well well
happy to know other people watch kurzgesagt!
*hugs*
GG! Feliz Bicentenario
bad gp
This is pretty good level i like this
Secret way. GG! :) (Thanks Auria)
saw this yesterday, i love the progression on this :)
i miss the secret way :(
Like from Russia)
wolfram1 sounds like a you problem 
rerated to feature
the block that bounces you to the coin is bugged on 144hz
what pass
i love how perfect the curves in the begining are. please keep up this work its so beautiful
BPDOLES THE BEST DOMINO CREATOR
ayyyyy thank you rob
your a great creator, the level is beautiful, one of the best levels I experienced.
like if you think of phjork
rates
This really picks up in qualtiy, ncie
rob :)
Like this if you want a girlfriend
GG!
phjork >>>>>>
Awesomeee
guys can we ratio zircone
guys can we ratio skrypto
im skrypto
nixon my beloved
gg geometry
Richard Nixon???
richard suixam
Looks geometry dash
Overuse of fake orbs but overall quite amazing :)
GG! :)
GG! 10 attempts, the split really confused me lol ;)
i have yet to see a codex inspired level that isn't just someone doing his style, neat level tho..
i stan the war on drugs
I've never seen a good level with this song, not gonna lie, so this is the first one I guess.
The Watergate scandal was a major political scandal in the USA involving president Richard Nix...
gg
ah, the perfectionist
130 attempts (+ 3 coins). #1316
HOW?
20,000 user coins :D
niceeee
deserves feature and rate! Transitions are on point!
Por que estan explotando esta musica  :(
.__.
feature worthy
Classic! :)
1 attempt, fun level
Nice Work :0
I have a vision, a vision that says that this level will get featured
Epic level! :)
rate rate RATE!!!
found in magic,send.
Stunning! Very clean and simple, it looks amazing!
GOOD LEVEL! :3
GG
not bad!
epic
gg
i enjoyed this
Muy buena musica y buen nivel :)
yay thanks :)
GEOMETRY DASH THE GOD GAME
GG! Thanks for free coins :)
Gundae 545days left
end sync was FIRE
Cool! and thanks for free coins :)
Seriously
30247 stars.
gg free coins
thx for coins
the beginning kinda sounds like the practice mode song
Try to find player that only get 1 coin. Difficulty : Impossible
18000 Starss
FIX IT
awesome lvl :)
gg
Another noice level
bb
GG
GG! Free coins
Will do some demons when I get back from gym :)
Rob routine is so awesome, biceps, triceps then rate demons
buen trabajo :)
gorgeous colors, minimalist in a beautiful way.
This is so clean, and I love the transitions. Nice work!
How are you today everyone? :)
I will try to upload my new solo and collab levels in a few months :) 
just put discord.gg/geometrydash
masterpiece :O
ONG CALLING ROBTOP IN GYM AT 3 AM ( ROBTOP SHOWED HIS BUTT )  ( HE TOLD ME 2.2 IS A LIE ) ROBTOP SUS
hola guitar
Lets gooo, as I said lmao
Pass is 012309
hey look! its Nine Circles: O O O O O O O O O
How to get mod:   Step 1: There is no step 1
americans when they realize they use instagram instead of instaounce
ceo of clean and also epic
Para Guitar yo soy shaggy el tortilla
I am here haha, just eating something because I am hungry now ;3;
what if, you want to say something funny, but Robtop said: "Comment upload failed"
like this comment if you dont have a girlfriend
Yooo, I really like what ya'll did with the colors here! :0
discord said star rate i got scared
thanks for the opportunity to help out, you're amazing man
medium? more like croc length
great job! song has such nostalgia
shut up ur not even ranked
yea gameplay isn't balanced and thanks firedragon :)
Told ya, If you continued something youll get a feature.
neat
sick
i just want my stars man :sob:
Sinatix style is awesome cool :)))
mario was reference to the previous name for the level, which was speedrun, because i speedrunnedthi
no way...
such a banger
wow u too i miss the feeling of releasing a new level im gonna do it more often
omg no way its sunyy im ur biggest fan 
15k stars
GG! 2.000 Stars:)
Vamoooooooooos thanks for feature Robtop :DDD
very nice :)
GG All Coins Finally. Annoying coins imo.
Hermosooooooo lo que pienso de ti es que eres uno de los mejores creadores
favorite lvl
Rated! :)
All your levels complete!
Nice one dude <3
QUE ONDIS
GG 93,000 Diamonds! <3
sus
sus
me encanta tu decoracin bro
brain farts
yes sus, we all needed something to make those 8 year olds laugh
68.990eme stars
AMOGyS sus
AMOGUS
cody gameplay
the "what" is funny for no reason
Like for Minecraft, dislike for Fortnite
Bruh, imagine saying "like for minecraft, dislike for fortnite" unironically
also it would be very cool if this got star rated
hey vsauce michael here
3 jumps. In a level that is rated as ''normal''. good job moderators.
Among us
 THE PART WITH THE EYES GOT ME WET
Like for Geometri dash , dislike free fire
thanks rob but i thought it would get easy rated D:
frist #wap
29061 stars.
medium rates gang rise up
medium?.__.
1000 STARS LETSGOOO
2100 Stars
Thx 4 free coin! :)
gg with coin :)
cool level :D
easy level bro?
Yes Its Rated! I Verified It Before Rate :) Gonna Grab The Coin >:)
Looks like its dedicated me to LOL
you can die at this transition by clicking , annoying
GG, 13 att, 10k stars :D!!!
its a really cool level but there is a bug at the transition at about 57% i think
ah ok
004567
lmao tal is tal
gg
gg! 1 att!
if you keep jumping with the ufo, you skip the portal and end up skipping other portals too
guys dont touch when transition comes, that is why u dying and think that is bug on transitions
I hate lag >:(
GG :)
GG :)
Cool :D
what
cool
996 stars..GG! :)
Cool :>
Aww I was hoping the counting platforms would continue through the end :(      Neat level though :)
after taking a better look at this level i think ive found out why they used that song
THIS IS SO INSANELY COOL
Sorry for the song ;(, And Thank you so much <3 have a good and exelent day :D
I don't appeciate the song choice, but the level is awesome.
This is a really nice level, but sadly the song is explicit
fun fact you only have to touch 4 times in the first 40%
nice
this is great :D
dope
russian music?
Thanks GRMusic! :)
Am I the only one who likes the song? Fits the vibe PERFECTLY.
oh hell yeah drugs
remember kids : drugs aren't healthy
played this in the morning, this has good gp and deco, you can call it a balanced breakfast
I love your levels <3
10/10 level, the design compliments the song and vice versa. Amazing
The dual part feels kind of janky to me, still both unique and pretty good looking tho, I dig it
this will probably be your first rate
i gona cry :) ty!!!!  woooo!! featured!!
I tried my best to keep the quality consistent. I hope you enjoy :)
here before feature
nice particles and glo
I dont really see any faults with this level, Gj!
if this comment gets 50 likes i can get chicky nuggies
GG 1 ATT ON MOBILE ON 30HZ UNDER MY BED AT 2:22 AM!!1!11!!!!
need to be rated
Good Level!
good level
lel
only 3 days?
this is really good for just 3 days of work!
nice
wheres the rate why isnt this featured wtf
amazing as always ;)
24.4k stars
300 stars(:
1 att gg
oha abi yuh
xenots xeties
wave sucks
are easy demons getting harder, or am i getting worse?
welcom to the sitty!!!!!!!
Alright guys, this isnt coolog anymore, ive died at 95, 96, and 98. 
957384 is password
anyone else more intimidated by 9* levels than easy demons
Fantastic level, I love the energy you guys put into this!
really fun to play!
Well done guys, really fun and epic level! 
God bless whoever made the gameplay, this is sooo fun
this city is very coolog
coolog
GG! 2 attempts to rebeat :)
FIRST PLACE ON WEEKLY YEAAAAAHH
bige city
when youre sent to the coolog:
Id like to finish this if it wasnt lagging. How a design level can lag, optimization exist pls
GG mala optimizacion del low detail
59 attempts to rebeat
The amount of colour changes in this was not a good thing to wake up to haha
Awesome! :)
can we do first cp rates?
Nice level bro c:
not too special but really clean, which is expected from you at this point :)
C'est simple mais ca foncrtionne, j'aime bien
neato
alors, jai vu ??? dans design...
nice glow HiroGrosChibre !
Impressive 8)
Not bad :)
i hate 0-34%
i like this level
:flushed:
gg ez 
Very Good!
Buggy
ayy GG
GG! 9,000 Stars :)
16.1k stars
gg 1att
My new favorite level of all time. Really stunning self-narrated message, something to behold.
i have no words...
Probably one of the most meaningful and incredible levels I have personally ever seen.
Thank you to LTGS for having font packs online available to use.
A message that many creators out there, including myself, can resonate with. Really well done.
you've come a long way
You succeeded in getting this message across at an incredible level. Excellent work; despite its length and slowness, it is highly enjoyable.
just wow, this is so amazing
nothing short of a masterpiece.
This level is the closest thing this game has seen to perfection.
This has to be one of the best levels of all time. Phenomenal work, TMN
Pass is 251696, like so others can see ;)
:)
I'll try to get a bugfix update out sometime tomorrow, thank you all for the overwhelming support.
This is art. No other way around it. And a masterpiece at that.
Absolutely incredible.
just give this man ONE epic already rob...
Amazing level it reminds me "SAVE AS"
this need to win some gd award 
banger
.______.
I LOVE YALL SO MUCH THANK YOU
Help! a team zero level just dropped and i cant find the lotion!
i like the variation, gl on first cp :)
wait i just noticed fat sulpur at the start
Oh! This finished! I'm so glad =D
im really happy we got this finished but who tf is Damis
buoyant by damis and more
im sorry for your loss
sulpur solon't
GG! 10 attempts, fun and it looks nice :)
45 attempts. #1414
Nice 8)
very clean
Like if TZ
yeah this is cool but remember, the second he releases a solo earth is gonna explode
GG! :)
fun but not my jam.
no way...
oh god i cant bully sulpur anymore about not having a level
this level is amazing
ne ploho i ne otlichno, norm
Amazing
gde ldm suka
Congrats on getting your first Creator Points :)
GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG krutoi
update: fixed 91% bug and some gp and deco
interesting stuff...
RATED YEESSSSS
this level is... interesting
noooooo
Rateworthy, block design and sync could be imroved though
Rate!
weird song
Lol... so very strange )0))
Very cool vibes! I like this a lot! Congrats on your first rate! :D
600th online lvl beat, gg really good lvl :) 
if you skip the first gravity portal at 1% text comes up just saying Why lmao
gg 11 att, with coin, maffaka fcetaki priclal na fichyr)
reminds me of save as
thank you so much for using my song and naming the level after me! So goooood =))
who is ausk
love the atmosphere
You can skip 50% of the black orbs, DM me when fixed and I'll feat send.
jay is homie
yeah, this is definitely your next epic.
This level is so mystical. Love it <3
THIS IS SICK WTF
i think this is a harder 6
great colors
Showld be Rated!
nice atmosphere, your best gp too. Too bad the title is CRINGE
nice stuff
for those of you who did not know this is a commet
SO GOOD !!
you have improved an incredible amount since you first talked with me about creating, great job!
ausk
GG
being 13th on the leaderboard not fulfilling :(
:O
Originally planned to release this on my birthday (7/21) but I couldn't wait. lol :)
pretty
like if you think this is harder than the nightmare
WOAH Thank you!!! :O
epic map
good level, sent to mods :D
this is 9* not 8 lol
This feels like a featured level, gonna get starred for sure
if this doesnt get epic AND weekly, i will stub your other toe rob.
getting cp is like the hardest thing ever
84 attempts, that took a while for an 8-star lol. A little messy, but still pretty cool! :D
what if this is daily???
broys ! and happy birthay bquall :)
Good but not demon
lol i found this epic level in the recent tab :o
Your gameplay is always on point :)
very very cool man
GG.... PD: Odio el frio.
yay
GG!
ROB YOU DID NOT JUST DO THAT
hot transitions
i had a lucid flashback to the one time i ate a quarter
Pass is 341948   I give Likes :)
awesome
insane dailies are the best dailies, theyre so fun
most of my dreams involve intense romance with garfield and peter griffin
Having flashbacks of finding out Xiron was epic ever since Prominence :epicfire:
This is fantastic
if i get at least 3 likes i will eat my chair
nice!
FIRE
christ this chat is a horrid one
Robtop: *releases 2.2*   entire world: *explodes*
10 likes and i will get banned for saying i like women
Amazing
Sick!
5 likes and i will say i love u to my crush 
people find something to whine about for every single daily it annoys me
like this comment because i said so
from the dual to the end the gameplay is really bad, totally ruins the level
this gameplay is so confusing
i hate dual invisible glitch
GG! I've completed demons that took me much shorter than this. Cool
I can't tell what I'm supposed to do!
featured well deserved
atrocious gameplay jfc
not hard to make good gp man
deco is amazing, gameplay gets progressively worse through the level
i dont think theyre bad enough to point out
Pretty cool! :D
This comment was posted in The Woodlands, Texas.
very cool. comlete on stream
why thi not epic
gg all coins - 189 attempts
are you sure this is a 7 star?
thata dumb grinding 1 star at a time lol thats sad
potato
nice level :)
woag his CP update was instant lol
artistic
gg first victor 
Finally I verified this wonderful level!!! Thank you SyQ :)))
true effect     
this will be my first hard demon! like to wish me luck!!!
Let's Go
new hyped level gets released | everyone: like if ur here before rate
Im thinking harder than Crimson Planet?
Like if harder than Cold Sweat
#RATETRUEFFET
If robtop doesnt rate this within 24 hours  i will grind fortnite for 48 hours straight
pass is 210716
Sick!
Amazing
*Racial slur*
gg
f dsavghfdy lhrtbfx hfsxvegz hgfaSAWgfdb pkvtofkpitd
H A R D  D E M O N  I S  T H E  D E F A U L T  R A T I N G.
if hard machine/arcturus/graceful gets rated then fragile is gone no more anime level in top ten yay
GG!
<3
old camel logo :troll: honestly such a good level, happy birthday wulzy!
really sweet of you two
frustrating
i love, very clean
the effects are simple but very well executed and clean :)
pure quality
I just love this level as if it was my child - idk why.
nice, i love it and happy birthday wulzy
7ak rate 7ak rate 7ak rate 7ak rate 7ak rate 7ak rate
My 210th level beat!
Sweet, sweet sugar... This was so vibrant & awesome! Thanks a billion... GG... <3
ufo part.is cancer
yes yes 7ak level + actual color yeee
cuz i forgor.
GG 12 attemps harder 6*?
i like levels with white backgrounds, so that i dont have to see my trail =]
I love the movement of the blocks
i love this the wavy effects are epic
Thank you :)
good gameplay with teleport portals??? so blessed
2003devincoyote
So clean! I love it <3
I love this a lot <3
69  cp 
Pretty neat <3
yooo!!
love it!! well done Devin <3
really like the usage of teleports in the wave part, super smooth
Absolutely gorgeous! Very clean designs and a beatiful atmosphere! Great work Devin! :D
really fun :)
Amazing vibes! :)
damn, how is this not epic?
Fun.
Finally, after 12 deaths on the robot part, I passed
neat
I hate gameplay on robot part
GG :)
hard
julius Novachrono
If I see a comment saying stop cp grinding I will eat my pillow whole
i stand by thinking that this level is actually pretty good, no comments will change that
stop cp grinding (this comment was made to make firerift eat his pillow whole)
Never stop creating, keep in mind that for every hater you have, you have several fans, like me :)
at this rate you will actually pass viprin within a year
Hi haters, you can't stop CrispyCroc no matter how much you'd like to
Didn't think this community was this bad, sad to see how cancerous it has become just because of cp.
gd kids after harrassing a level creator because they dont want the level to get a few virtual stars
Dear Cispycroc. Who cares of what the haters say. You are you. Follow ur dreams and your heart. <3
Are you sure about 2 stars? I had to do more than 1 click
that last comment really tied your argument together nicely
dw, i dont think im going anywhere, all the support yall have shown me is just too much <3
nglub wtf? you just got mad at Rob rating one of Crispys other levels? confusion?
"tHiS iS lOw EfFoRt" ~ people who have less than 500 stars and make 1.0 layouts
my plant is HUGE now
sprout eto personash iz brawl stars a ne uroven v GD
I dont know why people hate u for being trans. Honetsly I dont care. And this level is great!!!!!!!!
@mikey417 Crocs pronouns are she/her
Wow nice level
kinda boring and seems a bit empty
lolololoollollolloolloolol
nice playtesting there. Fell through the map
Very buggy gameplay, I've died to RNG transitions like 5 times now
Playtested?
This level has a lot of energy. I like it.
terrible gp lol
The decoration is amazing. The gameplay is annoying. The spam and unclear transtions. 
Good map but the transitions are broken lol
nvm great level no "bugs" ;)
DHaner Deco :P
why is this so enjoyable? :D
gg this level is so epic and fun! EPOC
BUG :/
spam gameplay can be good and i think this is a decent example of that
a
Very fun and spammy. I enjoyed
GG!! Bad Gameplay
im getting some DHaner vibes from this lvl
it was so laggy it unsycned for me, but this level is EPIC ANYWAYS
Good work :)
I hope this will be your first epic, this is amazing
It's very well-made, but not really original. If it was more unique it would definetly be epic  :)
really good but i can see exactly who you took inspiration from in each part, still epic nonetheless
how did you do that rotating gem?
Amazing Arts
Pass is 140016, like so other people will see this
thancs toxicbladex 25% sw GG!!! 100%
I swear if it is not rated epic I will punch my pillow till it only remains feathers
Amazing!
Robert robbed you an epic...
GG! secret way at 25% :)
i boosted this level
i will never understand why modern levels have random numbers in them
Secret way at 25% (Secret Way on my Youtube Channel)
this is inspired by both knots and monument valley. pretty sick
GG bro feat
This is really cool! Getting strong Knots vibes from this level. Awesome job! :D
ROB YOU DRUNK AS HELL WHERE TF IS EPIC
wonderful, as, always.
if this gets daily i will beat nine circles
interesting :)
Coins:1-keys 1%,3%,7% coin.2-dont tap first orb in robot part(42%).3-jump in 70-80% above saw
Like if you found the hidden among us character
Cool
bro this is probably the best unnamed 0 there is
funny how some random gd kid tried to steal this absolute beast of a level
Also there is a secret. Go up at 11% in portal
this is the best named level in all of humanity 10/10 for the level just because of title
very clever in terms of design. kept me double-taking throughout :0
This is really cool!
YES THIS LOOKS AWESOME
Not copied
your level was copied
I JUST GOT AMOGISED :TF:
this is the best unnamed level i have ever played
the best unnamed level so far
its rated
what unnamed 0
who thought levels that are called "unnamed" cant be fearured? lol
unnamed 1
Awesome
epic
so much ambition in one level, i love it
H A R D  D E M O N  I S  T H E  D E F A U L T  D E M O N
- THE MUTILATION OF ONE'S MEMORY -
Fantastic!
This is literally so good
wow awesome!
ONE YEAR OF CREATOR  \(^^)/
Amazing level, GG! :)
oh...
168,000 Stars, GG! :)
Amazing work guys!!, it was an honor to be a part of this <3
Very good job! :0
rob is popping off fr
PLEASE stop putting jump pads in gamemode portals.
literally the last place I could possibly die, 1 like = 1 RIP
i liked the part with the crewmates
Took a break in my work week to see this amazing level out of nowhere, what a pleasant surprise :)
amazing !
but if you close your eyes
I don't like the description.
joink
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
new drane levle 
go stupid aaaa go crazy
The decoration is fine but actually the gameplay is bored
so clean
182
Uh oh... I didn't see a monke in the level. @_@
who else died 2 times 77 then got 78?
@msm
very neat
copy paste
draneeek
Sweet, sweet lvl... <3
10 creator points!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
gg
very nice, I like the color combos a lot
WOOOOOOOOOOOO
Very awesome level, great job! The jump pad at 38% seems to be bugged though, I never hit it.
EARLY GANG BUTTON - - - >
Did my parents make this level
if u like this comment, i will eat 2 chicken nuggets
       S  E  C  R  E  T      W  A  Y
I would like more if it were longer, but still pretty good :)
the title is my parents when im on my phone for 2 seconds
I can't believe a 7 star bossfight level exists
ur a really fast builder for someone who releases levels of this quality
Pretty cool level!
How to get top comment     step 1. get lucky
remember a time when trolls were actually funny and not annoying parasites
if this comment gets 32 likes  i wil - LIKE THATS EVER GONNA HAPPEN
who the hell is lunarblazechan that sounds like a rule34 genshin account
bye, I am going to leave now  :)
like this comment in the next 5 seconds and youre a fast liker
I love underrated creators
you never cease to amaze me
like for greg. dislike for greg. ignore for greg.
@belastet sorry
ok
The level name is just an joke guys dont take it too seriously
found on recent wtf
i hope rob just comments no :) and doesnt rate the level
im russian  :) 
"Everybody gangsta until he didn't mean Creator Points"
Como que rob gime para conseguir cp :^
pasen CP :)
robtop gave him his cp
Robtop gime 7u7
def feature worthy
CP = Cod Points.
i love that the level is actually "readable"
when eres mordo en gd:
what is a cp
gg
yooooo! we have the same icon and colors lol!
Convincing
where cp tho
ufo part is crap
please rate: 6 stars            stars requested: 5 stars        given: 4 stars
evw said that this is good and i think this is good
I blink for one second and this blows up, Smh
evw sent this
nice .o.
this is epic! just needs some variations in the block design and it would get featured for sure!
a little empty but great!! very unique and thats what we need. good job!
please not arcturus not every super hard level needs to be rated
requested: 5* description: please rate 6* level: 4*
i watched this get sent for a rate on stream!
i missed the dash :|
:\
This is awesome ngl
block design is a little basic but the bg makes up for it :)
gg
No way.. This is so cool it has to be daily soon!
Gg! thats a really cool effect lvl :)
very confusing
I think that I fixed the emptyness now
I heard evw rated this
how bout nobody gets likes and we all have top comment
chocolate
I had a comment with 900 likes and it got deleted by the creator LOL
fun fact: there is a word known as "negus" which means ethiopian king.   the good n-word
Chataphobia: Fear of daily chat
noice
CHOCOLATE!??? CCHOOOCCCOLLLAAATTTEE!!!!!!!
why is this harder than the weekly demon?
I literally never open the recent tab, and I find this and 1 att it-? 
I hope michigun made it to the backrooms, fly high friend :)
I didnt hack this comment, you can only like 1 time.
john china
level pass is 987123, now gimme likes
People who complain about likebeggers literally are doing it to get likes
among us suc                  all my homies play town of salem
like if you just want to like
Very enjoyable 
mute ppl when they can't say "occupied" when someone knocks on the door but they have to shit louder
if you vape, you could be inhaling nickel and lead into your lungs. thats metal, in ya lungs.
the n word is "No."
why does someone say gg on a 2* level the heck
who thought the blocks at the beggining were real blocks and jumped on them
<3
A journey's end - all easy levels completed.
this is an amazing level. hope it gets featured. keep up the good work man!
i swear you make better levels than normal featured ones in like 1 min how
Really nice level
the big chungus cinematic universe
With your feet on the air and your head on the ground....
guys its not a flex saying "gg 1 att" on a 2 star
youre getting better and better :) i loveeee your levels bro keep it up
levels like this...
just..... amazing... really amazing.. keep using your great imagination <3.. your mind is unique....
@Lilali 'cause it means "Good game", which says the level was good in a way.
your level killed my phone.     gg
GG! Nice level! ;)
this level is so cute <3
Like for SamMaxx, Dislike for Mikha
HOW?
absolutly amazing. great stuff.
thaaaaaaanks for feature , i soooo happy!!!! 
Cool level and thanks for the dedicate, but SteekmEn, not SteekmAn! 
laik esli russkiy
i like this level!
 net signala
net signala?? Avtor lvla pycckii??
kak ti 1 kanal smotret budich? raz signala net
crutoi uroven' :)
russian:)
GG! 32.000 stars :)
pizda ekrany
:)
este nivel es tan realista que lagea hasta mi pc
Very cool modern and glitches are good! I hope this level get rate)
sweet :)
net signala
net signala
This is the greatest technical difficulties I've ever seen. :)
net signala
:eyes:
First coin: don't touch the second pink orb at 9%
this is the 45000th star ive gotten this year (2021) gg
i would like to see cool unknown creators get their 1st creator points
least downloaded harder
some 1st cp rates would be sick
yeah first cp rates :)
you can skip about 15% of the level by skipping the orb at 49 and reentering at 65
Not a fan of the beginning gameplay but the rest is pretty good :)
blind jumps
GG! Awesome Tt <3
GG
play
gg
69.522eme stars
4th person to get all coins :)
#104
Buen nivel!!
GG!! Fun :3
if you hit the blue orb at 49% just right you can skip the entire drop. I found this by accident lol
32016 stars.
I love how you used speed portals as jump indicators
1st coin : Skip the green orb at 19. 2nd coin : Tap the blue orb at 68 and then tap again! ;)
hoff032 copied this level
Perdon por tantas actualizaciones, son solo errores mios ._.xd
hoff032 copied this level and pretended this was his own, he also deleted the "original" button
GG! :) 32 Attempts! 37900 User Coins!
Dude using black speed portals for jump arrows very creative!
Es bastante bueno y da para featured, buen trabajo!
i said a day ago that if this gets rated i'm beating it, i'm here now 8))
sta epicardo
Pass: 036652
Before Rate Team -->
ggs dude totally deserve it, gz on that first cps
insane.
me gusta la block design, sinceramente merece feat, pero aun asi sigue adelante uwu <3 GL
epic denle epic apoyen con la causa
last part is amazing!
demon
32att all coins gg. creative idea!
Nice! I like the idea of using speed portals as jump indicators.
I have missed the feeling of a hinds level drop thank you for this
wake up babe, new hinds level.
Wake up babe, new Hin- oh, someone beat me to it
you are a mastermind
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
i love you
Man.
A Hinds level combined with a memory level. This is the best day ever.
NEW HINDS LEVEL!!!!
easiest send of my life
WOOOOOOOOOOO
Lots of unique ideas in this one, really great to see another Hinds level after all this time :)
day has been made
It's very nice to finally see your style again in 2021. Lovely!
instant classic
YO YO YO YOOOOOO
YES YES YES YES
YO????????????????????
wooooooo :D
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
not only are there no cookies, but ive somehow magically lost 10 minutes of my life? ??? ? ? ? ?
insane
were the coins worth the 15 minutes?
If this comment gets 5 likes i will eat my mac                                  cas burger
for some reason I had negative score lmao
like if you died at 99%
Sometimes this level likes to break and idk why, I recommend 60hz and hopefully it'll live lol
Hey! Just a friendly reminder for people who want to play this! DO NOT forget to by the win pass!
this was insanely easy, should probably be 2*
ahh, yeah i wanted to do more, but I was very limited with group ids near the end
congrats lake, you have the longest rated level in GD at 15m 44s
Make sure you guys buy the "Beat the level" award in the shop before 99% or you're in for a surprise
pass is 71021 pls like ->
i need 47 likes for top comment- wheres my cookies and im mobile player i tap
ez money
every like on this comment is another time that i beat this level
55 MB song?
download task be like:
should be demon just for the wasted 20 minutes
i love my life
Coin 1:  jump 7%, coin 2: down 23% and coin 3: keys 73%, 77% and coin 79%. =)
awesome song
quick everyone get the coins before a certain person makes them bronze
not bad, i'd suggest to vary more on your next lvl since it feels kinda repetitive. sent
WELL FU-
this is without a doubt one of the best songs on ng
this song is so good, glad to see it in more levels recently. also good level, gg
and second why buff the last coin it's already difficult and annoying as it is with the triple click
who else found this level by cursed video
._.
lol i love this song
when you get a feature but not the 100 likes icon ._.
juan
that song is hard to listen to
old pyrocynical outro. so cool
GG, 3 coins! =)
i hope its nightly by andrix for daily
what have i done
Pyrocynical level Pyrocynical level
gg
GG! Bad gameplay
Secret way between 3-5 %. Like so others see.
35 downloads and rate wtf gg
everything goes to sh!t after 50%
i have no idea what the correct way to do the ufo at 59% is
I hate gameplay in this level
what 5 likes lol and featured
Cool colors but its really empty with unclear gameplay
4th on leaderboards. Isn't worth it.
gameplay is buggy and sync works only in the first like 20%, not 6*, 2* at most. wasn't playtested
whovever did the first 50% good job, then whoever did the other half ITS GARBAGE
Gameplay weird why
GG!
i highly recommend finding a discord server or a youtube video that teaches you how to make good gp
Also, very laggy due to excess glow.
annoying end dud.
ya vamos a estar viejos cuando salga la 2.2
my brain can't tell the difference between a red and a purple orb
epic song
Y this have low downloads :v
only people who came from the magic tab can like this
I hope you like it
It'd be cool if more went on in the foreground, it seems like the background has more movement
Very fun :)
fun
a bit repetetive but the execution is flawless, nice work
B L I N D
f u n
click here for feature~~~~~~~~~~~>
Found in the magic tab again... deserves a rate :O
Thank you Rob^^
not bad, but id like to see you experiment more with colors
like this only if you have been Covid-19 vaccinated
lumpy is bad :)
guys rob dont read the comments
Amazing level as always! :)
6-7 star worthy :>
Great bd, good bg, fun gp. Only one word. AMAZING
nobody cares if youre here before feature
g
its not free i paid $2.99 for this game
i need 4 likes for top comment- where are the mods
Whoever is dislike spreeing the comment section, please stop and do something better
It's   free   real   estate
to some, the stars on this lvl are free real estate
if this comment get top comment i will purchase pet goose 
e
it's free real estate
BUENA DECORACION ME ENCANTO
If this gets top comment ill yeet my ipad
HEY! YOURE SELLING MY REAL ESTATE FOR FREE? >:(
GG 13900 STARS !!! :)
hi @sounex
you used a funny name as a distraction so people wont talk about the bad gp. nice
here before glow up
That meme is dead but ill allow it because its a good one.
fun fact: the level name has nothing to do with the actual level
(btw, its free real estate)
sadge
Kinda unbalanced, but I really like the gameplay and the transitions are good, GG!
i have a castl obsession
how to get featured: put some random blocks and copypaste it, but you need 50+ CP on your acc
Very repetitive and looks very copypasted, 1st half of the level is boring to be honnest :)
why? what's moffe doing in the cwingey castl that i shouldn't see?
Is this really feature worthy? Come on mods, stop sending levels just cause the creator is famous:(
Honestly, this level is absolutey terrible and boring
Look, Im just saying. This deserves a rate at most, not a feature
Good level. It's got that interesting purple castle vibe in it.
People need to stop changing opinions just because somebody made a video adressing an issue
:D
Your quality of levels are falling of a cliff. Stop making levels in 1 hour.
you cant fool me, the is bowsers castle!
Ive watched a lot of modding videos and this level would not meet the standards ofany mods I follow
try not to sleep challenge
very repetitive and bad colors
honestly level is so bad for featured
this is so cwingy omg UwU i weally wish i hadunt pwayed this T-T
so cwingey  
nice level but who is Moffe?
It takes me like 2 months to make an actual good lvl for you guys with actual quality and it (1/2)
174,000 Stars, GG! :)
Feels a bit inconsistent quality wise, but feels extremely fun to play
BEAUTIFUL!
GG! 5 attempts, this level fits so well with the song it's actually impressive :)
Genuinely beautiful. It's hard to tell this was a collaboration because of how consistent it is.
LMAO OOPS FIRST ATTEMPT
fun
Secret way. GG! :) (Thanks Slakkers)
Secret way at 5% hold and leave the robot get down and the rest is free.
Looks amazing :)
aqua MEHTbI
40 attempts. #1291
This is really cool. I wish I could make designs this clean :)
GG ;) 8 Attempts ;) Why delete my comment lol ;)
51 tap on spam)
Got 24 clicks in the spam part. Like if you got more.
right as i get to the level the secret way is fixed
ok, purely unreadable, where did the spam idea come from, and why would you put it in a calm place??
when you fix your level and create another problem
cool i guess but its hard to see
This level isn't dark at all! I want my attempts back
IF THIS DONT GET RATED IMMA BUY A CAR AND CRASH IT INTO THE DEALERSHIP
The most fun i've had on this game since quite a while, thank you my man
epig
robtop needs to fix the character limit for comments. Dont you just hate it when you run out of
the last parts are one of the best things you've ever done omg
This is your best level by far what
2nd level after coming back
n o b o d y c a r e s i f y o u a r e h e r e b e f o r e f e a t u r e
funny how the darkest drop is the brightest of the trilogy lol
like if tiktok is shit
Darkerer Drop
alkali how are you so good
13th of July 2021 Darkest Drop Incident
I ded at funny number now u must like
more like dankest drop cuz this is the best one in the series.
Oh my god dude this is such a banger, fantastic job with this one Alkali! :)
26 attempts. #1274
GG! :)
bruh
For coin: jump in 77%
i love you edooox
@llrennyll allora mi sa che tua madre non ha fatto un buon lavoro ;)
Not bad
Edoox: you dont understand nothing. So I understand everything?
you see i like this kinda stuff but i know itll get some hate if it gets rated
1 attempt on an "insane" level x) 
GG 7 Attempts :)
lmao... fluked from 24% on mobile 
gg 2 att pretty essy for eight stars
GG! :)
pogger
Ho capito, ma 'ndo sta forza ruma?
@Blast3ro non sapevo che la gente senza CP avesse diritto all'opinione
good level because it's actually sightreadable
fun
Nice
edooox is poggers
interesting
what if robert rated xarius is my dad
the whole time i was thinking thats a long intro and then the level ended
Come on, be more rude people, i don't have enough pounds of shit on myself
this shit is annoying 
"Wow, very long intro... oh, that was the level itself"
ship part was cool
is horrible gp popular rn?
Negative comments are okay, but try to contain your emotions, think about what you're saying
A horde of people bully the creator because he made a level they didn't enjoy, this is not fine
Ship part was cool!
how do you make gameplay this shitty and boring?
try not to call the level bad cuz u cant do cube timings challenge (impossible)
jump late: the level
yeah, this is good. please dont let close-minded people discourage you from making what you want. :)
GG! 19 attempts :)
i love this level
I love how everyone says bad things about the level except for the mods lmao
It looks like it has effort in design but is very repetitive. Also horrendous gameplay 3/10
i hate this level
never again
GG! :)
im 14 and this is deep
Cool but not 5* at all
2nd coin: collect the key of 48%, the coin under the water in 84%
REALY BAD transitions
my experience with this level has been about as enjoyable as my time in federal prison
cool stuff
the theming is nice but im not a fan of the visuals, especially the above water parts
Wow
remove the spike at 78%. it's near impossible to pass
New Update! Fixed the 27% Bug in the transition and removed the spike in 77% "impossible" jump...
weird
GG with 2 coins. Fun, but so lagging.
GG! Passed Franchet :) (#32 on the leaderboard) Next: Cynx 13
This is definetly like a 7 star or something
que se la cancion del donkey kong le da el toque a este gran nivel
Epic level
After fixing became possible, cool level ^^
GG! Fun coins :)  i like a bug 83% (sarcasn)
I love the ideas in this. Great job!
I don't think having this effect while constantly going up and down is a good idea...
LiKe iF yOu CaME FrOm NexUs
You did fantastic for the amount of time you built this in, one of the coolest sea themed levels by far. GG!
very very cool
WET
Updated LDM for the mobile users :)
minecraft glow berry
Creative designs, smooth gameplay, just an all-around fantastic level :)
I found nemo from finding nemo while playing this
so awesome
who lives in a pineapple under the sea
Epic! Easy or Medium Demon I guess?
like if you come frome nexus
Awesome theme and cool designs, and very impressive for being built in the 3 day timespan.
I love the concepts, good job!
GG ! My first hard demon !
Custi's success streak grows with DBS, and so does mine. My lovely 2 wives have found boyfriends <3
I like it
why this isnt rated?
You did this in 3 days? awsome :)
Epic level :o
these are lowkey some of the laziest top comment attempts
my part 
wowwww
The song & gameplay are both such a bop! <3
Rarely do I find a 9 star level thats actually fun to play, completely agree with 1st place feature!
lit
the comment below me is correct
my ballz
actually pretty neat, good job with this :j
I didn't think y'alls styles would work well together, but here we are. Dope level
if you think this is a demon go beat 30 demons then we can talk
people are just spamming then dieing at 8% then they call it demon
Like If You DONT Live In The Jungle >:)
finally a 9* that isnt harder than an easy demon
i cant stop play this.. i love it , great work!! :D
@GDSlushE flex on an extreme not an 8 star
This is by far the most fun I have had with a insane level in a while! GG!
Loving this
cool gameplay.
im in love with this
gp is alright but there's nothing all that interesting visually :/
fun to play but could have more variations in terms of visuals
sooo this is 7 star????
grape
rly fun, perfect 8 star
feature worthy
 
yah, really enjoyed this
@Th1RoN get good 8))))))
good level : D
Thanks for the dedication <3
cool
GG
10 star
SICK
i like iFuse, he is cool creator
really good
bruh what the hell GG!
12 att gg
This should be 9 stars not 7
not bad!
Good enough:)
ahhhhhhh MI PRIMER FEATURED AHHHHHH GGGGGGG GRACIAS ROBTOP :D
thanks for all =)
Like=Robtop Rate
Coins: 1. 35%. 2. 70% ... Like : D
Hey, pass is 005580. please like so others can see
:awesome
Hermoso bro ^^
GG grasias por la dedicatoria 
GG
This level is awesome!
Nice vibes! Congrats on your first rate! :D
thx for dedication :)
This level is good if you play in a PC and not in a microwave like me
ok good lvl
how...
GG! :)
GG on featured :D
incredible
is the gameplay really bad? like: yes dislike: no
I am sorry, the gameplay is really unenjoyable
if you have so much glow on an orb that you cannot tell what color it is, that's too much
Prolly no epic because of the gameplay. Still great level :)
truly profound gameplay, unspeakable words, i just can't the gameplay is just too good
My irl name is max... its gameplay sucks as much as i do
If this comment gets to the front page i will complete this level 20x in a row.. will show proof xd
beggining is annoying, with the timing on the orbs
Sorry to say, but this gameplay sucks.
the gameplay is bad sorry for it
nose porque tengo tan mala suerte....
horrible gameplay but good deco
this level is so spanish
Bonito Nivel 0wo
The hell is this Gameplay
This doesn't even work how is it possible to release a level and thinking this is ok
OMG Bro Usaste El Logo Que Te Hice >w<
Garbage gameplay indeed
this gameplay is bad
pov: you spend too much time on deco than gameplay
Amazing stuff man
sardinas
GG! :)
nice
First victor! GG :) 
please for the love of god give this level more attention!
GG! :)
deserve epic
Love this
ok
YESSSS GG god I thought I was gonna choke that very last activate orb, I swear lmao
fluked the duals, gonna go for it
imbalanced gameplay, but a lot of parts in this are really well done - nice job!!
I wanted to beat this but its so laggy on mobile :(
I dunno why, but that cube at 67ish is extremely buggy for me
yey 2 att :D
stinkybus you can do it 
GG
black orb at 44% got bugged :(
SO GOOD LOVE THIS
not bad, i'd suggest trying working with more intense parts of songs though!
i am
Also Im not quitting, Im just leaving the community for good.
the structuring is neat, but other than that its pretty uninteresting
doge memes arent funny denniel
Nice colors, but try to link the atmosphere of the level with that of the music.
13.600 stars 21/7/21 :)
LEZ GOOOO
i think it could have been longer but its very nice to see you improving, great work dude :)
nice job 
Good vibes!
gg
GG, nice block design  :)
nice level! :)
gg 4 att good level :)
GG
Not bad, I like it! :)
Fun
gg
nice :0
Land of the free, home of the double cheeseburger
hamburger cheeseburger big mac whopper hamburger cheeseburger big mac whopper hamburger cheeseburger
I thought the coin was just the wave. I was very wrong.
America after having riots and political schisms: want cheezborgor?
thank god im not a coin grinder cause that coin makes the level a hard demon also gg on rate xorosz
i want to fix the lag but that would mean having to verify the coin again
Very very very nice! First nice level in recent, Rub, rate.
Exuse me? I am canadian.
1 att without the coin, i play in practice for the coin man that's terrible extreme demon coins lol
quarter pound double cheeseburger with mustard only, an order of french fries, and a medium dr peppe
bruh why are all americans stereotyped as obese
funny coin
nice level about france
Very dirty insane;; I got the coin
no it is double cheeseburger
i agree except i think it should be auto
you spelled burger wrong
this is america where we put oreos on cheeseburgers
90%=2 att      100%=97 att... -______-
rate this level robtop or else i will steal your cheeseburger
so cool!!
i DO hate this game, thats why its good
I hate this game! i can't pass the first level
Cool stuff bro!
thats why geometry dash is still awesome
@Moosh you will only die if you do not leave the starting room
my phone say "no"
It made my game crash LOL
interesting minigame
juniper say that
too complicated controls (or i am too dum for that)
no ldm??
It is impossible to play without Force Smooth Fix.Too laggy :(
good level but impossible to play
I hate this fps
ypravle nie na mobile- polnaya zopa
So I got stuck on lvl 2, waited until 99% and didn't die, not auto so a bug.
make ldm pls
i have 0 coin           o T o
i hate this game 
Bonitto nivel
Masterpiece! Sent for feature.                                            Wait...
Really good
not bad :)
sweet
Nice lvl
Nice gameplay and deco, good job!
Nice level! good backgrounds and colors :)
Nice :)
kurzgesagt
Beatiful!!!!!:O
block design and gameplay are great, some planets and stuff in bg could use work like the first sun
KURZGESAGT REFRENCE IN FIRST CUBE?!!?!!???!!!)?)!!??!??!!!
you've improved so much! this is awesome
BREAKING NEWS: SmitN releases another epic worthy level and has no epic, now lets head over to Rob:
What would happen if you brought a piece of the sun to earth? Short answer, youd die
the song is me
Youre definitely improving, this is awesome :)
32 cps?! :)
That's Kurzgesagt in the background
someone explain how this is a easy demon :D
FUNDING!
will you ever stop being this based avery
Really awesome atmosphere, yet another good example of accomplishing alot with simplicity, GG! :)
GG, 87 att, lvl not bad but spider part and 97% is terrible
I hate cancer waves
if this comment gets 5 likes i will take cold showers for a month
unhappy
love funding
after 97 x 9 
Amazing level, GG! :)
this is nuts, awesome !!! !
ok triples at the end of the level arent funny fr why
10 likes and i will die at 69 percent
I love how in all of the awarded levels theres just one demon sitting here lmao
1 like = 1 prayer
29k stars! overall pretty fun apart from the wave :]
GG Nice End! xD :p
the spider is horrible. fun wave, overall ok
this should be medium demon wtf?
why the man that have 64 creator points is spamming about stsootate?
EYYY thanks mods, rob and everyone! :DD 20/07/2021
aha
(ignore this dumb ceru guy, your level is cool)
You know youre cool when you sightread an asymmetrical dual
No kids
mom im scared i dont like this song HELP 
Who's going and disliking half of all the comments?
no
It's literally barely playable, ULDM doesn't work
STSOOTATE
VERY GOOD SHOULD BE EPIC GG 100%
Nice LVL!
This should be on the top best!!
dude my pc cant even handle this lmbo
I love the effects and aesthetic so much! Amazing job and congrats on your first rate! Favorited! :D
yes
really cool I like it!
Ok, done without practice!
wheres the fluffy cartoon dogs
Will rate some demons after food :)
demon 6 stars
Minecraft has nether update - Geometry Dash has never update
*gets rated insane*
the voices are getting louder! the horde knows where i live!
0/10 wasn't named Stupid 10 Star Level.
you know all these years we have been calling it demon, but why that? why not like, pig or something
robtop making a joke level daily, to turn daily chat into a massive cringefest
look at robtop putting this 9*
We do a considerable amount of trolling
FREE STARS FOR EVERYONE :V
You're crazy if you think this was getting a demon anyways
No demon is free 1 you pay for gd 2 you still have to jump
Free Demon - For the price of 19.99! (excludes shipping)
like if tiktok sucks
newgrounds is basicly oldgrounds
1 like = 1 less hater in this world
robtop tries not to mention food challenge (99% fail)
Chances are you paid for GD. Therefore the level is not free
repub if you shit yourself on sunday at 3:15 est
This is the easiest demon I have ever played
I have been informed this is a 5 star level, this is the hardest 5 star level I have ever played
Any money that I get from subs, donations or bits this month will go to the trevor project :D
coincidentally this level got rated on dream's birthday lol
i am so confused now, i have seen 4 levels with the exact same layouts but totally different deco
You deserve -1 creator point for this level.
i cant escape him no matter where i go he follows
i suked his dik with a smile
if this gets daily imma fight someone :)
WHY
i hate dream
Accidental rate. Havent decided how to rate all the levels based on the same layout yet :)
You are NOT NORMAL!!
DREAM CAR CRASH CAR ACCIDENT FATAL
I SUCK HIS D1CK WITH A SMILE FOR HOURS AT A TIME
#gay smp 
twetter is disgusting like if you agree with me
I hope your next birthday cake has  snake venom in it
dream is shit
no
crap I just 1 attempted in practice lol
Love this, great designs and effects, reminds me of Knots :)
HEY ROB RATE THIS
Great job to all!
This is so clean, it put's Cthulu's comment history to shame.
im just speechless tbh.. let me beat that that nice as hell looking level!!! congrats miki i love u!
Pass is: 555777
GG! :)
Love you all guys ;)
This is so epic, I love the final result! Thanks for letting me verify this <333
claim your before nexus award here
GG! 90000 stars
GG! 16 attempts :)
43 att
My first medium demon and the hardest level yet. 30/07/21 this feels amazing :D
GG ahora desde mi cuenta secundaria xd 
another level robbed from epic...
GG! Easy/Medium Demon should be right for this one!
Considering a epic hard demon
yesss its out. thanks for having me build in it!!
za taku robotu grih ne dati salo
slava ukraine,geroiam slava
sheee ne vmerla Ukrainii i slava i volya
Ukrainci postavlyat vpodobayku
i havent heard this song in so long
UKRAINE FOREVER
not ukrainian power anymore :(
krum nash
nikakoi politiki, tolko druzhba
2nd coin at 55%, where it says "Akvaz..." and 3rd coin jump at 97%
gameplay is SOOOO FUN
Krym is Ukraine, not Russia! -Your czech brother
GGGGGGLORY TO UKRAINE! Nice level! Hello from Zaporizhya!
ukraina layk, rossia dislayk
gg, 31.2k user coins. Ukrainian power yes!
This is epic.
GG! Slava Ukraini
3rd coin: jump right before the last blue pad. cant find 2nd coin bc invis coins suck
ukraine
xoxla zabili sprosit
Change "EO" to U, he is a CP grinder
Nice, sweet, and clean! :D
The transition at 83% is really buggy on higher refresh rates, would be great if you moved the saw
i hate to die at 1% but its for michi /\/\/\
Had to go down to 60hz to beat this. Other than that this is great though, sent :)
neat
the top comment is amazing
el michi era al final  :D
thanks for inviting me on this project, such a nice project to participate! :>
afkh
Its 6* because of the triple at the beginning
GG 33 attemps for the triple spike
Love the decoration
23.600 stars
jangan lupa sarapan
This song have good rhythm.
uh, knp g pad yg kuning sj
Very nice level, hope it's going to get rated. GG!
GG
cool :)
Fun :D
portals' colors should be more clear, also some parts could be better visually, not bad though :)
very nice, just i wish you could turn custom objects off
simple and chill level, but i hate the jump at 87%. Also some parts look a bit unpolished
great colors combos! :)
gg
found the gp a little wonky and it lacks contrast, but overall nice :)
I love it, not a fan of the custom orbs, the blue ones werr hard to see in the beginning, but great!
not bad
hey danolex
should be an option to make the portals original
I dont like this                                                                I LOVE IT
not fun gameplay
LOVE IT! ITS EPIC!!!!!! (except for the custom orbs...)
Remembers me to the Hard Demon ''Blue'' by Orange
transitions could use work, but overall great job!
ill fix the secret was as soon as i can, thanks for letting me know
12500 stars !
I am the I like number 990!
sweet, some parts are kinda empty but not bad!
Nice to see how you reworked 1.0 style. :)
THIS WILL BE GEOMETRY DASH GRAPHICS IN 2015
This is basically a Windows 11 version of Stereo Madness.
It was really difficult to make the structures round and look good, thank you so much everyone!!!
I love how neither of the top comments can spell "beautiful"
im sure this will get rated, this is beatiful
Feels like an official sequel to Stereo Madness in 2021 and I love it!
/\/\/\
that was beutiful
Like this commemt a die 85%
windows 11 be like:
like if you want level like this one in map packs
i'we be called this stereo madness 2077
Died at the triple spike. . . /\/\/\
buen nivel, tu decoracion y gameplay son geniales, buen trabajo!
Michigun was here
GG por tu feat bro estoy muy orgulloso de ti :D
GG! 1 attempt. I love seeing some of these nostalgic levels throughout the community.
can you stop it already, stargrinder?
rlly cute ^_^
im confused
coin: jump up and stay up between 20-24. also the 1st attack 2nd phase boss is ez to dodge at bottom
i'd definitely say this is 6*
Version 4: added more arrows, jump indications and adjustments. Enjoy! :)
nice boss :(
i swear to god ive already played this
que paso con mi comentario del "bad gameplay"?
bro im in confussion
Thats Cool!
3rd on leaderboard! fun level but the lasers dont line up on the first attack in the second stage :(
that was interesting
7 star
GG!
the bossfight makes it 6*
gameplay sucks but the deco is decent
GG! Passed KaloNoodles :) (#32 on the leaderboard) Next: IRictor
This is honestly one of my favorite levels. I love the story line. You did GREAT
i kinda dig this
most confusing hard on earth, also why was i dropped down i thought this dude was my friend but he threw me into the spikes :(
lovely little level, the gameplay really isn't as bad as people say.
I can see people complaining about a 9* daily in the future
slick!
aaaaaanyways report any bugs and all that i'm going to bed now
recently i turned 20 too (on june 5th), so happy birthday
this is too easy for 9 stars, rated demon
enjoyable
GG on the epic!
fun gameplay and super cool colors :)
epic purple scar gun from fortnite
gg loser smh *rolls eyes*
why in the world do insane levels feel hsrder for me than easy demons like wtf
why is not a single person questioning about this being insane instead of demon?
the lag helped me to complete this level lol
this level is bizaare(get it)
i agree!
Block desighn is 100/100.
Awesome work bro! Nice too see some new designs out of you!
1 Like = A lunch from Apleebee's
i love it, super nice colors and gameplay too
 demon
Hi I'm here to steal top comment... My name jeff
rob trying to steal top comment :(
i love neon
oh wow! someone got 1 attempt on A 3 STAR?!?!?! How is that possible?? oh my gawd!
ok, i'll listen to the song's name
my name jeff. get this to the top before rubrub can get there
Waiting in the dentist office is like playing the first part of Dark Travel.
yesss!! thank you rob :D
robtop trying not to say "my name jeff" challenge (impossible)
noooo dislike roptob!!!!
the worst username title obviously goes to me
this chat is the most random thing in the universe
I'm hungry guys brb
DISLIKE THIS COMMENT IF YOU HATE ME
person below me isnt top comment, mathematically
10 likes and ill ban balloons for 1 minute
Demon
Kez, people will say bad words. You can't shove Christianity down their throat
My name is literally a BTD 6 upgrade
it sounds like someones posting cringe!
Wake up babe new Dominuus level
3,900th Demon! Amazing level, GG! :)
This is hot, like, 10,000+ degrees kinda hot. You get it? like a star? sorry.
imagine making every single f*cking part in the level a 2 star except for the middle ffs
$zne to the moon
"Free thinkers" when they see the phrase "$zne to the moon"
medium demon?
$zne to the stars
fixed the invisible saw yall can stop commenting about it now :le:
dominuus with the HEAT bro
average invisible saw comment
56 attempts. Not a fan of marwec's gameplay. #1247
167,000 Stars, GG! :)
$zne stay winning
100 likes and ill eat my neighbors house
thank you SO much
invest in $zne
I love how chill this level gets at the end. No end-of-the-level stress :)
That went from 0 to 100 real quick
 I JUST WANT 10 LIKES PLZ
You guys should go play some Fortnite if you know what I mean
U got the rate... but at what cost?
@Jordi - It worked but you will forever be a ratebeggar now... if you know what I mean
@MrSpagetti - Its not a very vague comment ofcourse I know what you mean
@vexes - you will fit right in if you know what I mean
you should rate demons if you know what I mean
love it, super clean. hope it gets epic
really nice, not epic worthy but is cool!
GG! Passed IRictor :) (#31 on the leaderboards) Next: Cynx 13
the first part is mediocre but i love the rest, great work
Gg!!!Top114:)Con la coin
Nice rainbow level with rainbow and rainbow!
          
Ops...
gatto
GATO
i knew someone would do this
speaking of which, First time I DIDNT have to reupload in ages
fun! with coin gg
OMG! very cool level ! 2 att
was here before featured ------->
its in magic tab with 8 downloads
Lemme say this: This could be Acid Factory 2 or Acid Factory but better
It feels good to see a level about the K-Pop community.
esta musica es de un juegito de robots de colores con armas :') como olvidarlo wuaa era mi infancia
I feel acid in my hands
ok if the movements and some glow changes were changed this could be epic
9.9k stars! so close to 10k
were rate ? this lvl cool
64.433eme stars
Background isnt very good, overall the level seems good enough fir a star rate or feature
Poco a poco vas mejorando bro, sigue asi *carita fachera* 
cool
cool but a little bit boring
5000 stars!
I dont like the ufo part :(
rate grey silence, i have 13 sends on it since august 2020
could you try grey silence by davoboss?
rate desolate by arukateru!
rob can we do requests? i am 98% done with my new level : )
im so good at this game
im so bad at this game
speediestlevel soon i guess
(btw the name and description is a reference to itzabunny's level "speedlevel".)
95x3 97x2 98x3. i am getting so unlucky with this level
yknow i didnt realise the ending was actually hard for some people, might nerf it one day ig? idk
actually so satisfying
If i was mod i would send for feature.. great lhard/insane demon GG!
he actually rated speedierlevel
GG! :)
so basically the level is bad because you cant hold your way through a wave part :thumbs_up:
Guys, pass is 0438
update: hopefully fixed lag at first transition for LDM
GG! :)
Ohhhhh GG :'D 6800 Att / Is so Beautiful :'3
even after 4 98% deaths i still found it really fun, this is insanely consistent GJ
stupidly hard is an overstatement imo
GG! 54 attempts, 2-3 deaths at 98 so not very fun :(
The duals were insanely fun, but why tf would you end your level like that..
That dual gp is so fluid!!!! Props for making such a fun level <3
kinda messy in some parts, cool overall :)
nice sync
Yoooo, Really fun and not too bad design wise! Not a fan of the bright part, though.
LETS GO, FEATURED!!
The gameplay and sync is outstanding :O
not a fan of the mid section but everything else is hella nice
this is really really good
GG, sadly i beat it in july ;(
if this isnt epic feature 7* star by tomorrow my pants will have so much pee in them
amogus kinda sus 0_0
i love 1-attempting insane levels
this should be epic ;/
I can't believe that 8-9 star levels can have a good gameplay...
This is literally a perfect level. Well done! :) 35,755
GG! Definetly the easiest 8 stars ive played in a VERY long time! :D
its perfect
i didnt expect to beat this in 1 attempt :o
perfect sync, incredible gameplay GG :D 
amogus
Can you make me a layout lmao
=)
This comment is bugged you cant like it 2 times :0
actual banger
this seems like a mix of recent tab levels that somehow manages to be good
i am thoroughly confused
Im all left
best recent level ever
i like this a lot, good job
Skip trigger orb at 70% for coin
I made the start toggleable with ldm since it looks like it still bugs for some people :/
This is RopTops Mind When He is Rating Levels.
I've been playtesting on various refresh rates and I can't recreate the bugs so idk how to fix that
super probably level on drugs
i cant believe youre a conservative
no ur all all left
4* Super Probably Level
I can't have scary dreams. My dreams:
fun fact, the left side of the brain controls the right side of your body and vise versa
guys my epileptic cousin loved this level! hes even doing dances on the floor =D
I'm kind of confused and surprised at the same time. It was pretty damn good!
Hi, polarprism, my day is good
very creative and meaningful
When you fart a big one and it causes a global environmental crisis
i love this so much
good to hear jake
creative
:o
really cool! i love the atmosphere in this, good job!
everything about this is amazing,good job polar
yo this is sick. gameplay is a bit confusing tho
Coin ; Dont touch the orb at 22 ;)
YOoOoO
your best by far
stupid poo poo but face
64.791eme stars
dust got daily
Swimming in the Flint Michigan water supply
ageed!
Need to rate 0_o
GG With Coin.
rob if this doesn't get epic rated I'll stub your toe
Huge respect to you for creating and verifying extreme demon by yourself on mobile! You're insane!
This level is incredibly good
I am in love with this level
As a mobile player, its really inspiring to see someone make and verify an Extreme Demon on mobile.
best level
NOOOOOOOOOOO
This is very nice
gg 1att
i LOVE this level it needs to get rated
fantastic work, not every day you see an entirely solo mobile extreme
did you take your normal pills?
why
i was about to say that its good. then i saw its completely solo. then i was about to say its great. then i saw that you did all on mobile...
this day, is a huge achievement for mobile players around the world. this day will be remembered.
when you find out your girl is pregnant
rob you better hit the epic button for this
if this gets 3 likes i will eat my mug
nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
yes... 1 percent... i feel... i feel like that is enough
i may have gotten more cp, but i havent gotten laid.
You have made such massive improvements and I am so happy Ive kept my eye on you, awesome stuff.
I love this
you took the coin route thats why lol
i mean if you told your crush you had creator points in geometry dash you probably woulnt have a chance
You are one of the most unique creators right now
lol it got rated 
i cant believe its just a burning memory
The last ship part  is a bit weird
i cant believe its just a burning memory
10k downloadas
Ew I never kissed you
this makes me lonely but it feels like in a good way
makes me scream without the s
you can go fly a kite idgaf
Looks like cold sweat
this is actually super good zepty, even the gameplay is solid
wow. awesome atmosphere, gameplay, and sense of theme
This level is special and am I the only one who take care of reading the first message at the start?
GG With Coin.
Took me 30 minutes but I really enjoyed it
this level bussin like tangy barbeque
Bro I this was so good that I farted loudly
for the second coin go into the saws at 53%, theres a mini portal
im the real g i know why its dedicated to crazy frog guys
theGuyofTech v2
Glad to see you back with another legitimate!
GG! :) 37 Attempts! 37700 User Coins!
GG.
cubic candice
Its so beatifull 0w0
Coin 1: Tap the yellow invisible orb at 4% and keep following that path.
song is a bit.... suggestive.
GG! 35,814
GG! 
not thet bad, its cool
hi
took me balls seconds
Are those dash orbs covid? Cause I love avoiding them
Amazing as always :)
I prefer the drunk russian techno
The singer of this song... nobody is that happy. Seems sus to me
like si tu hablas espa(n~)ol
Me gusta el nivel
dream smp is for social rejects
me gusta? obviamente que si me gusta :)
tu mama me gusta
this is actually cancer
No me gusta.
but ella te friendzonea :'vv
Rob any Russian pevel name ideas? I wanna help with those s t o n k s
The player under me is gay
Me gusta tu madre
Orgullosa de hablar espa~ol
me gusta tu novia
Me Gusta geometry dash
a mi me gusto
que te gusta?
me gusta
GG! 80k Stars and 10k User Coins :)
so true !
Didnt expect the dual to be much harder for other people honestly... Whatever, its easier now :)
cool retro design and gameplay! :D
:)
good dual
this is me
WOOOOO
GG featured :)
43k,last milestone of the year,GG! :)
i never want to touch this again GOODBYE
Good gameplay, good decoration. Fantastic level :D
Nice gameplay!
omg vonic 
such a fun level
i enjoy how its not just deco spam and moving objects everywhere
pass is : there are not any ! ;)
GG Both Coins & Fluked from 60%.
We do a little fluking
dual is a bit hard, but fun :)
amazing to sightread ;)
Seems like a jonathangd level
Really interesting color choices, but it falls too far on the simple side in my opinion
bro i thought it was over
Cool. But not featured worthy.
I don't think the simplicity is a bad thing, also wtf
Bruh
Anyone recognize this block type? I'll give you a hint: JonathanGD.      ;)
30k Stars! GG <3
BLYAT
=)
stop adding 1000000 portals in the same place
Q
mfw zion mikaydoeod in recent rates
WAT
how is this featyred lmao anyways cool level
GG! :D
gg nice level
jonathan level but isn't demon
favorite :"D
Una referencia a Future funk
The levels name is Lumine and the songs is Aether... this has to be a reference to genshin lol.
coins: 13, 40, 93
very clean!
Less Goo
Title: Lumine, Song: Aether, *Visible Confusion*
lmao nice name + song combo
El 0rd3 ete 0rd3
i died to nothing
genshin impact reference maybe?
:lum:
pass: 210621
GG! 1 coin
Congrats on your first CP ;)
level name is lumine and the song is aether... genshin reference?
cool :)
Very cool!
I hate the yellow orbs, you can barely see it :T
the name of the level is "Lumine" and the song name is "Aether". Genshin Impact confirmed lol :D
really nice!
2% please!
i eat raw coffee beans
rip this man he got summer school :(
LMAOOOO
i love coffe =)
this dude do be sh!ttin out levels
like si vienes por Yuuga GD
late night stroll but awesome
Quite simple but the gameplay is enjoyable
if this gets 10 likes i will drink coffee with no creamer.
love how the bg space is used here, empty but doesnt feel empty at all
10000 stars!
this is so effortless its funny, this whole thing is copy and pasted
Really Cool! :3
GG The mini robot was very annoying imo.
i'm too young to drink coffee :P
i love getting up early and having coffee :)
love the minimalistic and sightreadable gameplay! :D
I alone beat this level with a mug of coffee in my hands?)
real men eat raw coffee beans.
gg! 4K stars reached!!!! :))
10k Obj.
Not bad :)
GRACIAS :)
Could be more interesting, but neat level
Coin: Do not tap blue orb at 42% At 51% land on the edge of the plaform to turn upside down.
nice bug
Es hermoso, me sorprende como avanzas como creador, sigue asi llegaras muy lejos!
Hermoso nivel bro! sigue asi y llegaras muy lejos
Nice :b
gg
bug
Dakaa! <3
?
bug on 38%
GG lereck, ahora tenemos la misma cantidad de cps.. xd
16,666 stars lol
GG Me gusta!
Cool level, finally found a level that i can record smoothly on my pc (my pc is bad). GG
Another Masterwork, i love it.
traicion
the title is my house after your mom sits on the roof
The funny worm
THANK YOU ROB!!!!!!!!!!!
Here before Nexus? Click here. ---------
Very good level in terms of gameplay and deco. Some annoyances, but overall very enjoyable. 9/10 :^)
48 attempts. #1240. Easy demon.
seriously how many demons has Yakob verified
This is so incredibly fun, amazing job
Really cool but the waves are really hard compared to the rest.
pass 108855
GG ;) 34 Attempts ;)
GG! :)
this really seems like hard or medium demon but maybe im just bad
GG! :) 89 Attempts!
i love terraria calamity soundtracks
who thought of happy days when the heard the song lol
Probably the best medium demon I've ever played. Really fun and great looking. Absolutely incredible
Fun fact, this level took me less attempts than the Devourer of Gods in Death Mode! Very fun! :)
i died at 96 because my cat jumped on the back of my chair and scared me. Very good level!
gg, really fun :)
I put some chicken in the frying pan. mans gotta eat
Recent can hide some treasures huh
Hopefully RobTop doesnt eat for 24 hours again
I really like it
THIS IS EXTREMELY AMAZING.
i was gonna say anejoyable gameplay and then... BOOM 34747395x speed jumping
Like This Coment And Rated* 4 Star.
i want more mishy levels
will you take requests after food? :)
The designs look simple but are really effective, great job :)
Epic level
GG 6 ATT 3 COINS :)
GG 1900 stars
like if here before featurr
rate worthy
FINALLY a unique level in featured, all levels are like this, Cube, ufo/ship, ball, spider, ship,end
hahahahahaha funny number hahahahahaha
Tengo lag XD
Fun
NANI?
amazing
deco is good, but could be improved in some parts, especially on second one.
why are levels with worst possible gameplay keep geting epic??
avoid of using so much scale-hacked glow, "cheems" part seems too long for me...
ufff papa lo que buscaba
Level very cute :3
doge
mmmmm geomemtry damsh
Congraaaaaats
Buenisimo
Good! ;)
Confusing gameplay
hermoso
cheems :O
doble epic
cheems owo
Gameplay is really satisfying, but the spider transition is a little to sudden.
GG puesto 72 :')
gg, 109k stars!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! uwu
GG
GG! :)
too buggy i give up, literally 90% of my deaths have been to bugs
more updatesssssss, idk how many bugs left now.....
Dear god yes
Super awesome and well themed level with such respectable amounts of content, fantastic work! :)
24 versions wow, I have so much respect for you for going so above and beyond with bug fixes <3
lvl has been updated, first trigger orb is nerfed and more
Amazing
Awesome work! :D
this is actually so good
I redact my send. Too many birds
if this level doesnt get rated i will eat my dishwasher
YOOOO IT GOT RATED, I can spare Robtop another day
GG, second victor! =)
Gnice!
LETSS FCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
GG! 75 attempts :)
Buggy gameplay
this mf speaking spanglish
gg 217 attempts. Mostly a great level but the bugs make this pretty unenjoyable
like for extreme dislike for insane
this is literally a list demon why is it insane lmao
Why the heck is the level about leviathan and anahita when they used the desert scourge theme?
First, take that Spiral
hardest insane demon in the game I guess lol
2500 downloads in 11 hours?? you guys are crazy <3
Terraria is rising this year!
calamity mod is getting its well deserved recognition
you ever just
That description is too weird for me
just hit the most devious lick on aeon's sanity
omg i almost beat it
This level is the equivalent of fighting death mode armageddon supreme clamitas and yharon at once
:O
why does it use desert scourge theme ?? 
then at least use aquatic scourge theme because he actually appears in the dang level >:(
my favourite level <3
best hell themed demon
mmm 4 likes y me lo paso alv
MASSIVE improvement from Brimtanic Paradise, I'll beat this soon. Great job to the team!
...What if this were named Stupid 5 Star Level?
next time a stranger talks to you alone just look at them surprised and say, you can see me?
Hot girls in bikinis < Cute girls in oversized hoodies
im mexican, im MexicanViprin...
instead of doing my taxes i have to file a ban report to robtopgames
new daily
anyone ever too lazy to download the song so you just make up a tune with the level?
This level is more generic than this comment
I bet after rob's chicken is fried and eaten by him he will rate more levels
Japanese pop: jpop. Korean pop: kpop. Chinese Rap: Crap. Spanish Hits: ...
(__8^(|) homer simpson
pass is 939399
Avocados from Mexico
worst transition ever
when you dont get likes on a comment
Stop begging to get top comment. Thank you
STACK OF PERCENTAGE
Robtop is being way too ambitious for 2.2 than he can actually handle tbh
like if your a guy
Hows everybody? :)
THANKS FOR THIS EPIC COLLAB :)
Great style and gameplay, but the one timing in the spider part is unbalanced. But still great :D
Update: annoying spider part at 53% gameplay nerfed || fixed some bugs. That's all!
Very nice glow usage and color contrast, such a simple yet clean level
GG! 15.000 stars :D
GG All Coins. For 2nd Coin: Go up at 93%-94%.
epic level
Haha free coin :)
very good level :)
the level is the same as the title
1 attempt and 2 coins, very cool level
gg
Amazing! This will get daily level for sure! Very good job!
I  can already smell the daily :)
i like GLOW
1 att how
yoo cool level
Thanks!!!
nice 
Spectacular = GG :)
emotions that i cant explain
Pretty nice :)
how can u do lvls so fast?
me pica
pica                                                                            chu
sexy
why hasnt rob given you an epic
IT MUST BE RATED!
i said it already, i love how u embrace the emptyness great work dude
Lool ,1 att Gg :D
im in love with your style
GG's! 24K Stars achieved! Very well made level. <3
This is awesome
should have been epic
sooooo vibrant... love iiiittttt...
sick
gg! 52 attempts :) good lvl
So brocken :(
we made jayuff better..
lmao i like it
i love there levels in material style))))
Hey gg on epic! thanks for using my layout <3
Epic worthy Imo :)
if relaks got epic rated, then this level should too!!!
this gameplay is pure cancer
hi swfcapslock
yeah simple by ismaildabest vibes from one of the parts
hi pabluskino
very smooth, i like it a lot
so cool level
You are such a great creator, Elite! Great job to you and Khelado! :D
epixxxx
One of the parts im getting Simple by IsmailDaBest gives :(
YEE!!
Geoxor Galaxy! ^w^
maaaaaaaannn rob is sleepin
Wow, you have 2 epic!!    :Menggokil:
Really nice and clean! Hope this gets featured/epic rated soon! :)
khelado is the best, his part is awesome
GG :D
YESSSS THANK YOU ROB!!!!!
I literally read the title as Barbados at first
Thanks for the oppurtunity to verify this level
Way too easy for extreme demon, GG! :)
really unbalanced, and i got extremely unlucky, but honestly alright
moffe, your name reminds me of a muffin. i like muffins. therefore i must like your levels
just did 43-100% run
keep it extreme lol
110 attempts first practice. fun and tricky gameplay so far. might wanna try this
me
cool
pass is 013004
The Final Update is out, Thanks Patrick for verifying it again, Enjoy :)
Tartarus is EASIER
gameplay for the first 40% completely ruins this level
rip extreme lol
This is meant to be an easy extreme btw
#keepitextreme bc its funny
mbed, you should beat a real extreme after this smh my head
idc what yall say this level is actually kinda tough
Xender always steal the top comment as usual
... I have nothing special to say I just want top comment.
Good job Worries. Keep it up
mrspaghetti is first as usual
Rigel is second as usual
not sure what is going on in the comment section as usual
Fun level as usual
Keeping up the comment chain as usual
Someone ruining the chain as usual
workin on the weekends like usual
SansoGD is weird as usual
ZunEGD is fat as usual
Imaging saying as usual
Liking your levels a lot as usual
I started the trend
i love this level as usual
Good colors as usual
GG! 1 attempt :)
You can clearly see which creators also play the game and know how good gameplay looks like. Great
a masterpiece a usual.
this looks awesome!
Awesome level! I like it. Seems epic rated worthy.
This looks fantastic, great job man! (also hi nuno)
Split72's younger brother Splinter25
DUDE, THIS ACTUALLY GOT EPIC!!!! :O
Hi mrt
I really like this. Great job
Thanks everyone for their support! Means a lot, trust me :D I couldnt be more happy atm
isto tem de ser rated!
Zapizinho na torre do rei☆
GG 14k stars :D
#AELINDAFOREPIC
Fantastic
Another banger by Splinter
GO AELINDAAAAAA!!! #AELINDAFOREPIC
Uh? Um girino voador? OLHA QUE LINDO!!! #AELINDAFOREPIC
ola spinter
I used this song for a NONG layout and was confused why Your New Boyfriend by Wilbur Soot was playin
I fixed the 89% bug, shouldnt happen anymore
Pretty cool stuff!
very fun
Great its one of those levels that says "Almost There" at 47%
i would not want you guys at my funeral
if bounty is the quicker picker upper, how come it can't pick up these massive bawonghonkalanoogs
You guys should play "Geometry Dash"
gen z might be bad but at least we're not gen alpha whos gonna be nostalgic over paw patrol
i asked lgbtq people what their sexuality is and none of the responses were straight
What an amazing daily, I'm sure the community will appreciate th-
The punishment in Japan for suicide is a Death Sentence.
Tmrw is my last day of school!!! wish me luck everyone! 
fr whats the point of disliking comments whenever theres a new daily, like dude
like for free bobux
I'm a functional human being so I'm allergic to dream stans.
Why dont we just relax, and turn on the radio, would you like AM or FM
shrek r34
i wear a mask with a smile
guys life is unfair and the whole situation is unfortunate. you dont have to attack rob tho and spam
mountain levels weren't a trend they were a lifestyle
Insert comment
eating water is just certain fruits
meow
MrBeast would be proud
this video is sponserd by honey, honey is free browser extention that applys free c...
how did i find this on recent tab... 0_0
Download Honey its give you coupons codes and saves you alot of money! Download Honey today :D
Cool
the kittens are so cute!!! :3
This the comment help: you're welcome.
uwu
Nice level :)
gg 1 Att
no honey, marshmallow
Fun lvl GG!
very nice
Que kul
i couldn't even tell what was what
UwU
GG 2 atts! :)
I like it!!! :D
gg great level!
Why are you pooping our pants use your own
1/10 because i have a part in this
Anyways, y'all know who came up with the name :p
me waiting for homeboy to be a functioning member of society
Jokes on you, I bought these pants pre-pooped
what is with people making good levels but naming them stuff like this
i am crying cuz of the lvl name xD
GG I'm glad the last triple spikes were fake :).
Great level... Questionable name
played this level in the bathroom
Really cool, some bug at 240hz but still epic lvl
Best levels have worst names
88,000 stars!!!!! :D
69th place on the leaderboard. I will never do anything better than this
when picious is sus
:u
Fantastic! :D
I really wish the name wasn't so bad since the level is really cool
I remember seeing this in the recent tab
i pooped my pants 
LOL i guess this really was a good replacement song for pumped up kicks
thank you so much, <333
GG! :)
YESS U CLOUDED THE NINE
i will make more fun gp in my next solo, this was built with the intent to not be fun however.
like if Aurora123 will get cp
#JUSTICEFORCLOUD8
This gameplay could be fun but theres a ton of inconcistencies that ruin it sadly
the pesta
What happened to cloud 8, like, is he OK?
i killed him
Really good, lets hope it gets rated! :))
marry me
:)
GG! 177 attempts :)
Really cool ambient and colours its so great hope get rated soon becausse these deserve it.
YAY! I finally did it in 2965 Attempts. I love this level!
the level name referrs to the 9th sheep when you count sheep when you are sleeping
glad to know my goal of unfun gp was achieved, lol
masichists like me will call this fun ;w;
A huge "W" for daily chatters everywhere
69
where u at rob
I do not like that ball part!
Whoever said lets sex.. I'm Down
smiley spike
GG
pass 123145
gg
Epic 
LETS GOO
el primoooo
ahahaaha funny number ahaahaha >:(
GG 2 Attempts :)
nailed the atmosphere :)
Lmao, nice beat :)
perfect %
bro im so noob, 10 attempts at this point
Muy bueno bro
ok
Crystal Meth
Magnificent
nobody but Knots can keep up this level of quality for so long
Pass is 001749. Like? ^^
Breathtaking. Every level you release is so amazing, great job
epic from 0% to 100%
hygjfdsgewsr
its incredible that 82% of knots cp have been from epic rates. and he has 100 cp too.
This man literally made an anime intro
aweeeeeeeeesomeeeeeeeeee
this level is insane!! good work
you never miss, outstanding
trying to fix the secret ways, its just a pain to verify the coins lol
imagine being knots and getting 25 epics in a row
crispy colors
HONEY WAKE UP, NEW KNOTS LEVEL
you're so talented <3
i love you
too laggy for me :(
wowow masterpiece
@TheRealBless L
dammmit I hate that noise when you like a comment. Please delete it robtop
not feature worthy
there could be improvements in gp, specially the first cube part it's so blind with the movements
No logre pasarlo pero mis respetos
the only thing I would change is to get rid of the hard to read moving object parts. good level!
cool level but you could try to balance the gameplay and light up some areas and reduce the flashes
gg
Do a demon spree
Not bad but could use a little work i guess :)
Nice.
please do beg rates or first cp rates its been awhile
Maravilla de nivel! :D
hi rob, softlargeist by jax
work on the colours, glow usage and movements. It feels a bit messy :D
gw xmas special by vartixy for demons?
this transition needs to be fixed
orange juice can be daily
VERY feature worthy
hermoso como siempre!! felicidades por esos 100 subs y te deseo muchos mas c;!!!
love it
Happy Birthday! :)
The start has a very atmospheric background, Gameplay is a bit unpredictable. But this is awesome
epic gameplay
very good
@NuclearTiger, not misspelled in spanish, boy.
Very fun to play
GG! Fun :)
GG Fluked from 46%.
nya if you mention demons one more time i will commit a felony
amazing
This should be fricking rated EPIC! Thanks a ton for this blast! GG... <3 8)
62.083eme stars
GG
Excellent Look, 17 attempts :)
Very good
the fly grab things dont work on me lmao
13000 stars :D
happy birthday!
gg
i treat my girl like americans treat their schools, i shoot kids inside her
idk the attempts because game crashed when i beat it the first time. but i rebeated it after. #1236
Amazing!
12345 stars and 1111 demons
Cool! :)
lemons/danzmen style = nostalgia
fart vs fard 
Cool! :)
CUACK  * se lo pasa * :)
thank you rob!!
random mother 3 pixel art okay
lil big bro sexy
GG! 12 attempts :)
Very much enjoyed playing this :) GG
Easiest Medium Demon. This is easier than Dream Flower.
gg
beat dropped so hard my grandpa thought the vietcong came back
15 att(58 total att) w/coin and 86,000 stars!!! :D
Demon 1995! =GG=
It really feels like Lemon's style!
1st coin: 22% at the end of the platform at the top 2nd coin: 76% go to the top without blue jumper
This is soo relaxing!
die
Nobody CARES IF YOURE HERE BEFORE FEATURED!
when the coins are invisible
the contrast is awesome
very clean usage of glow!! keep it up :)
me when i see those big particles
GG! 1 att :) beautiful
22,222 stars, nice
no new daily lets go more rates
not normal
rip 1 att 86%
las coins son muy pequeas e invisibles, 23% y 76%
cool designs
Where are the coins?
he wasnt kidding when he said Death
this lvl reminds me of a sweet spring evening :D i love it !!
nice
ahhhhhh 69
Verified by LectorDash!
nice (Nice)
cry about it *simultaneously distorts your cadillac*
Next time on housewives
perhaps
GG Finally. This went from fun to VERY annoying especially the 1st ship & ufo parts.
im so buzzed this got rated
literally a demon
2% what
This was fun to play. GG ;)
gg
so cool, a bit hard for an insane
Wow cool level
Ok but can we smoke and dash ???
gameplay is horrid
9 stars??? It is actually harder than a lot of easy demons made in 2.1!
no
1 attempt lmaoooooo
kinda janky at parts but fun
gameplay was kinda confusing but nice
Nice block designs and colors!
You F**king Traitor
Cool (:
Coin 1: At 16%
se viene el epic
Amazing bro!!! :0
LOL
EPIC challenge accepted & finished... Thanks a hyper-dozen... GG... <3
Traitor? Feels Like 6*.
increible niv, me diverti un monton
gg buen nivel bro!
gg
You'd think that for such an amazing creator he'd know how to spell. ( "Tought" and "Barley" ) lol
excelente :)
me gusto la combi 
Amazing decoration ! , good gameplay , really good level ;)
this is so funny
Nice block designs and colors!
done
Im just farming stars and orbs
Show this in school to get perfect grade
H2O
Bill nye with one large fry
i definitely needed to see this today
Lmao
bill nye 
bill bill bill bill bale bale pale pail mayo
Hi Fuse
everyone dislike reinns comment
my childhood in one level
bill nye your moms a guy
Bill Nye the Science Guy Bill Nye the Russian Spy
Bill Nye, and 4y4 is 3y3. :eye:
bill nye the russian spy
We all have found a nominee for best auto GD awards 2021
if you like this comment then you get a free box of cookies. (of ur choice)
bill nye the russian spy
:o
lol
bill nye will never die
Like = Feature          Dislike = Rate
noice
GG! :) 95 Attempts!
en tres horas ya tiene rate
esta re piola el nivel
Epic level, but the orbs at 7% and 10% killed me so many times... Will AT LEAST get star rate
Really nice level
XDDDDDDDD
GG 432 attempts, most excruciating experience ever. I've beaten easier medium demons
This should be demon.
hyper dying
FINALLY AFTER 30 STUPIDS TIMES IN THE 93-94. 278 atts
182att gg very very hard
other than that, amazing level
is art
Why this is not featured?
buen nivel :)
Im lagging even with ldm
wtf this is very good
featuregang
take a shot whenever delra's part kills you
36 is bugged on 240 hz
Worst gameplay i've ever experience in my entire life, jesus...
Really cool, there is a 240hz bug in the transition at 35% though, would be cool if you fixed it :)
very bad gameplay and also has bugs :/
i hate you so much xz oh my gooooo
awful gameplay
Both gameplay and effects are really bad in this level, not sure why it got featured.
looks really good but god are yout trying to give people strokes???
the funny thing is that this was supposed to be ellips solo, and my part was supposed to be my solo
nice collab :)
your mom lmao
horrible gameplay
The gameplay isn't as bad as people say it is but still.. eh :/
gg
tf is the gp
oh wait im the 2nd victor lol, forgot i beat this when it came out.
here before rate beggers
i hate this gameplay so much hol shitt
what was the idea behind 67? like you had to verify this how was it not fixed?
Really solid start, but really goes downhill after the first part
?
to pass the transition hold at 77
sry, but u suck at gameplay
ok 77% is dumb pls fix big brain moment 
how do you expect us to know we have to hold in a completely black screen without indications.
Looooooooooooooooollllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
what it killed me?
Is 4
its not normal
800 USER COINS!
tf is that transition
why was that thing at 77 there
F
secret way
This is so good, i dont know if it is going to be rated but the decoration its epic dude
se pudo :D
GG!! 30k Stars and 7000 User Coins Dedicated to all my friends <3 (^_^)
i deserve more stars for this
yeeyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sent 8)
like if you cant read the gameplay
the gameplay is really not good
Nice :b
The design and effects could be better. Also, try to make your level more alive in terms of colors.
looks good
Nice level!
Me gusta mucho, ojala le den estrellas.
Me encanta <3
Check "Don't Fade"! Try making it more simplistic and rely on shading more than detail
Few, took awhile to complete this but, gg and rip Michigan
------.-------
69
69
rate
Epic level
GG all coins :)
increibleeeee
Niceeee
muy god
lovely :3
Sent :)
I hope it'll get rated soon, I can see your effort here, good job ale! <3
yes
yoo nice
Some colour issues in parts but lots of creativity and variation, good job! Sent :)
Very very nice.
This level seem like to have failed getting rated. That's really, really unfortunate. :/
OMG THX <3 !!! btw im going to update some parts soon ..tomorrow surely :)
very cute ! i love it ^^
cool! sent to mods :3
updated the arrows :)
uh, nice :D
finally a  good reacent level
Really cool!
This level is beautiful. Everything is good : Backgrounds, arts and design. Epic worthly uwu
1 att
neat
neat
Get This Rated
Was fun being a part of this, good work (;
Epic megacollab! Excellent work on every part guys :)
pog
GG 54 attempts! :D
I can't see this not getting epic, this is so fun to play and design is great!
this is just a 7* with a bunch of annoying timings in it 
GG! 13 attempts :)
This is very good! Would make a fun weekly imo :)
Great job!
GG! :)
bad gameplay
The reason why this feels like a buffed 8* is bc it actually is; the layout was originally an 8*
(#206) 133 attempts
gg, 317 demons, 6th demon today, 39.4k stars, could be a lot more balanced but cool level ig :)
Ayy
Yooo, gameplay is fun and it looks really good! Great work :)
A few annoying timing you could fix, overall was fun, gg :)
i can't this trash is too buggy lol
GG, 280 Demons!
this is bad choise for 3rd demon)
like this comment if you have a pet glue stick.
I can see the inspiration from desticy x)
when uploaded 2 years ago
good gameplay / good deco! but bug at the portals (94%)
Sauber! Standard bei Freeze :D
good
BEAUTIFUL
Great level! Th deco is pretty nice and the mario art is Great!  Gp is fun and easy to sightread :D
Oh it was 75%, that gear which you can barely see xD
thank you, finally someone uses the 2nd drop instead of the first/third drop. heavily underrated part of the song lmao.
ah i dont like the spider parts :(
nice
nice gp
GG's. 1 Coin. Pretty cool, but gameplay and transitions could use some more work.
wow i cant even get past the 10,s or it,s the 20,s well whatever i cant beat those which ever it is
cool! :o 8/10!
Some blocks overlap backgrounds and a little empty at some parts, not rate worthy but good start.
the first jump
Amazing! This is kinda like my style, but better, so it gave me some good inspiration :)
I actually like this. Next time, use more hues (maybe a green hue) and work on your gameplay :)
very empty
Not bad
not bad
nice!
Stop. Putting. Arrows. Where. You're. Not. Supposed. To. Jump.
empty
noice
cool
the thing is itll robably take a few more months for the mc im in to be finished, so i still gottime
died here 4 times, please put an indication of the invisible blocks next time
Coin: Hold on 49% - 52%
not bad
annoying gameplay but deco is good, i like generic style
alr lets just stop, if croc wants to quit, respect her desicions
:u
ez :)
if your going to use a waterflame song you have to make good gameplay thats the rules
d
i try to be a lot more respectful to other creators. sometimes i forget but i do a decent job
4 attmpts but did not liked that much..... In some parts, is all about spam
Fantastic and clean, good application of minimalist style, sent!
Cool level, but the colors at the end are a bit boring. Other than that, I like this. :)
dijcjjs cnf
This is gonna getted featured.
colours could be better, but you have potential as a creator
Came frow EVW ! truly amazing in 60 fps
evw
Imagine making a bad level and sending it to mods.
nobody cares you came here from evw its a good level
from evw
This deserves Feature! Love it coz no bugs :)
not bad, maybe add some effects in the background to make it more interesting :)
Nice level!
Why isn't this level star rated yet?
yay i got a collect 2 coins quest done :D
haha yes
many mods have sent this level but it is still not featured ;(
i here because EVW
Give this level a feature rating Robtop!
well done. loved the sync and design
Awesome!
Your first demon, good luck ung ga man, sent :)
like if you are Partition subscriber! :D
oof XD (like if here before feature)
woa :o
GG! 98 attempts :)
like for a million dollars 
bad gaameplay
very poor gameplay :/
GG! :) 215 Attempts! Very cool level theme and awesome art at the end! Gameplay is ok, fun level!
dont you even dare with those like if comments!
Very cool! :D
its like a medium or a hard? id say medium demon
saw this level in 2018 or 2019 on mulpan's youtube, and see it still not feautured >:(
Should be rated
gameplay is hella annoying and 90-100 feels empty
GG! :)
its been a year and this hasnt got rated
half year
wut yeah this gp is bad
lets see some salty jokes caming from the level name
Nice work :)
The drop is the good part because i made the level cuz of that part of the song lol
Bad level jk
this is a very bad level and bad gameplay and you should quit and                                 jk
yess finally
sad to still see this unrated, let's give it one more try, sent for a demon
Probably your best gameplay, I love it :D <3
Gameplay Is kind of tricky, I prefer your easy levels more tbh. But this one Is still a masterpiece!
How is this not featured yet. I need the demon.
such good gameplay, make more of that! g:)
GG FINALLY! Great gameplay :0
haha jk
i think i'll never beat this level ;((((
Like if you are here before feature
GG! :) 105 Attempts! Very easy demon, the last duals are something unusual, I liked it! Fun level!
nice
GG! 70 attempts :)
GG! :)
GG! :)
la raja
conchetumare
nivel 100% fleto 8)
LA WEA QLIA GG
like si piensas que soy feo
like si quieres duelo maestro x
like si eres de android
A nacho le gusta la tula
wn
GG! :D
1 Like = Se Muere Un Regetonero KK
1 like=headshoot pa' maduro :V
what's Conchetumare?
Like si hablas espaniol o ingles! xD
Like si eres de Chile :v
Conchetumare :D
like y se muere bts y bad bunny!
like si viniste antes del featured :V
:)
1 Like = 1 mes sin tarea :v
Lets go ooooooold
My cousin is younger than this level
this level is older than my dad's bank account
Awsome level! Has a great feel of nostalgia of sorts. Hope it gets featured!
*instant horrible flashbacks of 2.0 map packs*
genshit impact more like financial crisis
awesome :) I dislike the bass too so thanks for stopping before xD
The last coin is at 71% they have to touch the heart before the UFO, like? :)
i hate the speedups
fernanfloo crosses the border
calvin and hobbes is the best comic strip ever made
am i gay? like = ye         dislike=no
9/11 jumpers are the fastest readers. I cant believe they went through 200 stories in ten seconds
when the fnf fan sees an arrow: *high pitched demonic screeching*
i'm gonna give your face third degree burns with this grilled cheese sandwich
guys I think heda meant to say girlfriend instead of cousin -_-
Flying sorceress
Nice :)
Lets see.... The pass is 001989 :) gg nostalgic level
nuclear physicists when the divorce court divides their assets
like si viniste por el video de SirKael
like si viniste por el video de elsirkael
like si bienes por Sirkael ...
featureeed!!!!
200 Likes!!
wtf is this gameplay?
FEATURED EPIC
RobTop are you blind? feature this!
Sirkale where are you? :v
Wow
Rub come and do this featured thanks...
OMG THIS LEVEL IS EPIC!!! >:D
Cmon its not that hard to make a readable gameplay
bad gameplay tbh
WUAO!!! EPIC LEVEL OF 5* STAR :D
and.... where is feature ? >:(
esto es arte :)
WHY THIS IS NOT FEATURED YET??
Update: Fixed a block that's graphic wasn't aligned with it's collider + attempted to fix lag
Ya basta de sirkael si solo tenemos que opinar sobre este nivel
Very nice work, m8!
awesom level 
nic level
THIS... NEEDS  A FEATURE.
sended by Skitten LUL
FlexChipo
amazin level
hello dreameater
Nice!
Hello Maffaka:)
nice nice
nice level! 7u7
2.0 moving triggers are one of a kind.
GG!
1337 :D
G_G
okay
GG!
this is really good for an old level
gg
this better get epic now
woah, cool effects!
RubRub pls feature this level! 
The backgrounds are beautiful damn :o
pretty kewl
ti russkii !!!!!!!! ya iz play marcket
OMG SERPONGE
tanet na feature, rob pidor.
dude where is rubrub! he needs to at least look at these awesome levels!
GG :D
LDM for wave part please
Kto ot DeCody?
DeCody cool!!!!
Pochemy nety featured'a???
ya c vidoca
After 5 years...
kto s youtuba laik!
Cool level, but don't self-advertise in the comments.
FEATURED! rub come on!
kto posle video???
since when did 4 and 5 stars become so hard
Gameplay ain't chill.
cool collab with cool people! 8)
this is harder 6 for me xD
pretty cool level, the gameplay is quite boring though but it deserves a rate!
Not 4 stars 
Not a Great Gameplay, Nice Deco!
At least 5 stars
Not 4* lol
5 stars 
Thanks for letting me take part in this masterpeice :)
nice deco, not 4 stars though
In what universe is this 4 stars
4 star my ass, but this is still incredible :DDD
GG! I think this is harder than 4 stars :)
I never knew 4* were this hard
whattchu know about rollin down in the deep?
gameplay too hard for 4 stars, design is cool, i like the ball part at 30s alot
My 310th level beat!
this is a 4 star? wtf
and one more, pls dont put jump pads inside the portals
transition bad - deco good - gameplay meh
gameplay is weird in parts and the deco is kinda messy but you have potential, keep at it! :)
Looool. Thanks rob :D.  forgive all ugly transitions, I'll improve for the next... :(
bien hecho!
con los panas claro que si
My 298th level beat!
piola *like*
dont do that
Geoxor Virtual! ^w^
esta bueno pero las transiciones son un poco feas pero despues de eso muy bueno xd
cheloveek vauuuuk...aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Buen nivel Sr mity
you need to improve some parts especially the gameplay and transitions. overall, deco is quite good
GG! Kinda fun :)
Dude ngl the transitions suck
:(
Okey!
gg
Pass is 555555
Pretty nice colors and backgrounds, maybe try to vary your foreground designs more :)
wonderful level bro i really love the vibes it has<3 featured worthy for sure!
variation could have been done better here, but it's not bad overall
Good level! Let's hope this one will get featured!
Pretty Cute!
pretty neat!
this is going to be rated
congrats on the feature :D
Update: Optimized the level so it shouldnt lag as much
Congrats so much bro! :D
pretty neat, some transitions felt sudden and the gears should maybe be worked on more. pretty neat tho <3
YOU DID IT BRO
gl on cp.
feature worthy
space
clean but I wish it was a bit more interesting
gg but this same transition :)
44,000 stars! ;)
Damn you inspire me to try and get cp
awesome level!
I made my mom cry. Mission successful :)
Never grow up, stay as monke forever
Where did the time go...
truly an amazing concept done well, nice work on this
Just wow.          I appreciate the fact that the level is dedicated to your parents
im crying now :(
this hit hard. amazing thank you for making this
ive only felt this way from a handful of levels, what you were able to construct is remarkable
this level is sad
It's enough to make a grown man cry, and that's okay.
I just graduated high school this summer, and its scary. I go to college in a week. . .
Like this for the mom and dad :) <3
Incredibly moving and heartfelt, a universal story we can all connect to together :3 :) <3
this made me sad
omg a good level in the recant tab HOW
A challenge everyone must face. EVERYONE. (btw still play Wii Sports to this day)
the time flies by like weeeee
aw, this is so touching
Such a good level! Good luck on your others ones!
i almost cried playing this level, the angry birds and stereo madness really touched my heart. :)
What the hell is these transitions
this should be rated
Germans :D
pretty cool
What do you know about rolling in down in the deep?
(dont do any demons it'll be funny)
Grant in NG lol
wwoww
wow 1 att... Cool 5 star
GG on feature my dude
Wo sind meine Deutschen Freunde? :)
nice green orb bug
i love the designs you made, very creative indeed, and once again u did outstandin job :D
famous green orb bug :D
we do a little trolling
no smh
your best work yet!!!
NOT THE CREDITS? WHY!
.-.
i love this level. <3
Huge secret way. GG! :) (Thanks Ascensive)
cool level but that click :skull: :skull: :skull:
Some parts are pretty cool looking but I really despise the gp, its unnecessarily annoying.
that ending makes me want to eat obamas clothes
robtop: stops rating for 1 minute. everyone: yeah hes done
GG! :)
hard demon, nvm maybe this is insane demon
free demon lol
GG 172 attempts with secret way! :D
i hate that if you make medium length levels people think they can make shit gameplay
GG! :) 435 Attempts! Pretty cool demon, every part is good, especially the last ship! Very fun lvl!
fixed some shit
Cool level and all but theres a secret way at 24%
effect creators try not to make shit gp challenge
Eres el peor, das asco, huvieras dejado el secret way >:[
nice 30 second cutscene
GG, I would say this is an Insane Demon because the last ship is the hardest part (nerf the last ship plsplsplsplspls)
bruh the secret way is like a frame perfect on 60hz
335 attempts, gg! This gameplay is insanely bad, glad there's a secret way :)
Secret way/Free Demon ;)
DONDA
gg. i love the album kanye keep it up you will be big one day
Where is Viprin name?
hi fault
donda 2
so inspirational
when will kanye drop donda tho. at this point im convinced that 2.2 will come out first
/\ \/ /\ /\ copy+paste /\ \/ /\ /\ copy+paste /\ \/ /\ /\ copy+paste /\ \/ /\ /\ copy+paste /\ \/ /\
rob please
v
banger
i have made it through the donda
it look like KaiGD23 style
copy paste lol
h
kayne got me seeing the donda album cover everytime i close my eyes
Nice Collabration !!! Funny LVL 3))
GG. I love this level for it's sheer audacity. Props to you, Fault. lmao
why its rate lol
why is this fun
you have potential
nice
this is insane! claim your here before epic ticket everyone
Wish these got rated before she died, but at least it shows Rob cares
8*? What?? This is like, medium demon.
well, copypasta michigus and donutcopper can make a collab in heaven
before rate:                                                                                 [HERE]
Hi,im from sir hadoken website
Donutcopper, Hypercube1, Michigun, and Copypasta passed away... sad!
I'm not even kidding, this is the best level I have ever seen. Trumps 99% of the cliche, boring
"modern" levels out there. The deco is just outstanding. Unfortunately, it's way too hard for me to 
play at the moment, so I had to do it in PM. If you uploaded an auto version of this, it would make 
Wish you luck in heaven, CopyPasta :)
my fricken year. I can't even believe how good this is. GG dude, holy cow... keep it up!!!
i still put effort into the level as I barely used copy+paste and gave each block its own design. TY
why u call me
copypasta is getting a cp
Why do so many gd players have to die? :( 
well robtop feature this this needs feature
yeah if i were a mod, i would send this ;)
sillow a silly pillow
this is literally harder than forbidden isle lmao
POV : you are looking at the comments and found my comment.
Who is from Zamasu?
70% transition to ship ruined the level
Zamasu beat this in 78 attempts???....
blue
blue
Like for extreme demon / ignor for insane
blue
GG
GG FIRST EXTREME AFTER 5 YEARS OF GD!!!!!!
blue
highly unbalanced, some parts are inconsistent, and pretty poorly optimized. otherwise fun.
Finally, GG! :)
that's so cool
gg
Ya no puedo mah
blue
gg
Cool :)
Sie sind das Essen und Wir sind die Jaeger!
Its a bit empty in most places but holy man those animations make up for it, this is epic!
SASAGEYOOOOOO!!!!
Thank you very much @Jipergame, secret way removed
Nice
love how you included the 3d maneuver gear
Love ur SnK levels :D
awesome!
Dope :p
f for erwin's arm
Like if lag and cool
Amazing art, sent!
Oh My goodness. what is this level lol AWESOME!
Shinzou wa sasageyo!!
sosageo 
Very cool
Love it <3
atack of LAG
sasageyooo, sasageyooo shinzouu wo sasageyooo
made in 2.5 days
Fantastic transitions, although some things look out of place
that heart transition tho :O Sent to mods :))
nice
A bit repetitive but amazing!
not bad, i like the execution for the transistions a lot !
Interesting
For the first coin, stick to the ceiling at about 20% to get in the orb. The second coin is at 78%.
really good backgrounds, unfortunately the designs arent the greatest but still neat :)
Just, Wow...
Amazing
Wicked transitions! Maybe try to make all of the objects be just bit more cohesive. Really neat!
Sick transitions and nice aesthetic, sent!
Nice :)
Nice transitions and smoothness.
wow thanks i already have one
AMAZING
bad level sorry
Ok how did Ray apparently not see this himself? Gonna show him this now lol.
wtf ni c e epic
YES. I`M SO HAPPY. MY IDEAL LEVEL IS VERIFIED! GG ATOMIC!
GGGGGGGG
Thank you RopTop, and everyone who helped with rate!
gg atomic, and nice level peeps
ROBTOP RATE THIS LEVEL!!!
Like if COVID-19 so poop
rate when
#RateAsterios
Song has been replaced since the original was deleted, you can find the original on my youtube
pass: 130420
Like if here before rating
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES
FINALLY RATED YOURE WELCOME :))))
Talicron. Boundless silence. Enira. Klaccuka. Greitis. Worldwide Choppers. This guys layout's insane
Robtop Rate this PLZ
LETS GOO I can be motivated to play this now
please rate asterios
Atomic and Exen the best!
swag
#rateAsterios
special thanks to slash for verify this level whitout going crazy
Thanks Obama!
GG!!! Just under 5k attempts, and 5 98% deaths... (please nerf that lol) glad to be a part of this!
bruh
Ew!!! Hacker
It's uncanny how easy it is
Ive been trying to reach you about your cars extended warranty.
Special thanks to obama for his important role in this community and the scope of the game.
GG :)
Lamao
GG slash and great work everyone!
BIG DUB
Yooo, pls rate this awesome lvl!
lol
Wait this level came out so long ago!
based tyler
I can stop begging now :)
BRO HOW WAS I NOT AWARE THIS WAS RATED WHAT
GG! :)
how
Love the atmosphere of this one! amazing!
i dont understand how you have not got even 1 cp yet
pass: 101001 | practice before play normal
Very creative but some colours and designs could be improved. Sent :)
Like if your here before feature :)
like if you came from EVW
neat :)
Amazing :D
LDM, bugs and gameplay has been fixed
Some parts are better than others, really cool though :p
Ayyy finally out!
mppsh ahhh
who else is watching EVW
Rate when
me and the boys waiting for uldm
Very cool
like ifyou ar from EricVanWildrman! :)
Awesome level! :D
Is the pass binary or something? Its only 1 and 0
Likie if you think this should be featured.
WA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
what
GG!
I love your RobTop <3
Nice!
GG votchi u are a legend :DDDD
pass is 002224
Sans
109 days of asking its over
no shot
icantbeatit
thx RicoLP
like if u think this level is top 3 demon ?
trolled
g
GG dude
1/5th of the way there!
Harder than Bloodlust 
GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
rate when????????????????
fortnite bad. geometry dash good.
mistake
petition to make a mod select the daily instead of  RobTop
i wonder what walt disney would have said if he saw soul
GD is a christian game, it's about beating demons.
these i am a mistake jokes are unfunnier than robtops comments
#DemoteHeda
after 2 years... H O W
@CoasterKing07 Geometry Dash is way better than Fortnite
if this gets top comment, ill call 911 on gd
why is everyone talking about girls, boys are cute too 
if the level name wasnt mistake then there wouldnt be so many people making cheap jokes about it
can i get 4 likes on this comment i would really appreacicate it
i slept through day
GG! All coins & 20k stars 2/07/2021 Dedicated to all my friends! :D
Dream sucks
guys i been up for 2 days straight.. should i go to bed or no?
hey girl are you a TRACTOR    because you WEIGJ ALOT
@Jaya Most of the time Im doing other things and people think Im banning them :trollface:
I hate dream and everyone that associates with him
FLOWER BOY?
using basic blocks to resemble nature is probably one of my favorite things in levels
I love how with each theme the blocks and saws match it perfectly, super cool.
tyler the crator
@lilhoodie75 yea i made the first part like while listening to flowerboy. good album
That's actually really nice !
This level is very good! This needs more attention!
11 cp in a week is pretty crazy. congrats!
ROB ARE WE GON GET SOME DEMONS TOO TONIGHT?
Even after 2 years, this thing still holds up today as one of ur best levels imo
Fun Fact: JonathanGD haved a project "Kanons", but after some time, he stoppes his project.
level tm
GG! :)
ANOTHER WIN 
This level is nice :)
roptop likes flower boy i cant blame him
secret way xdxdxd
thanks framed power :D
secret way!
no secret way now
Lets go!!!!! First to beat with all coins legit :) GG!
e
you were 13 away from 55555555
GG! :) 450 Attempts! Bro, why are your coins so easy!?
nado
aaaa
cool owo lit
Only Mulpan, He told me that it was messy so I accepted the criticism to improve
really cool level deserves feature
holy crap this good!
Yay! You did it! Congratulations :D
awesome
This might actually be one of my favourite levels. The gameplay is flawless, and it looks amazing!
In recent times, I haven't seen a non-demon featured level even close to this.
bruh this a demon (or I'm just bad)
nice!
lmaoo this is so nice :O
oh ok 
Wow sooo nice dude 
when i saw no detail mode i started dying
stare at his nuts*ck while i hold back the c*m tonight
Sent ;)
this level would be better if it was good
Good job :) I like the improvement :)
GG!
i kept thinking that one of the auto parts was gonna mess up and kill me
uploaded : 2 years ago
Smeshariki? LOL XD! Cool lvl
i had poor luck with this transition
(
ayY
GG love this level
really generic, also way too much glow
Confusing, empty and very uncomfortable
sync?
how this got rated
Enjoy :)
LOL)
o.0
Level end at the drop? Okay, okay...
Legends never die :) Welcome back <3
Like if you were here before feature ;)
did NOT think this would get featured lol
neat
OMG another legend is back!
Woahhhhh, this is extremely well made!!! Im so happy to see you back :0
And Welcome Back! <3
GG! :)
Welcome back <3
so amazing
Havent heard this name in years. Rob, stop killing me with nostalgia!
how am i second on leaderboard what
144Hz, 45% bug?
i love this! <3
surprisingIy fun once you Iearn it, gg :)
omg rock is back!!!
why is this insane demon lmao
epic
Great job. 
GG! All coins! 520 attempts (around 200 wasted on the last bug culo dual), demon #1102 ;)
I GOT RATED HOLY SHIT LOOOL
GG To Kevtom ! The video should be on his channel pretty soon
hey look its me
1 like 1 nuggets
Nice!
Remember guys this is a early 2.0 level so chill a little bit with it x)
why is not featured RobTop what are you doing?
gg 1 att
gg
sad that this isnt rated
not bad. gonna go for this
dentro de 3 siglos este nivel tan famoso llegara a 1 millon de descargas
zephirox is the new manix
RATE THIS
bruh rate this
least liked extreme demon
good job kev
go solarion, beat yourself
GG 24798 ATTEMPS
FIRST AMERICAN VICTOR, WE DID IT, AMERICA HAS BEAT EVERY LIST LEVEL :DDDD
Enjoy, this is my best yet!! Pass at 200 likes. ;)
great level!
love how robtop is utilizing star rates more, it makes recent rates a lot more diverse nowadays
AYO? My levels keep getting rated when I least expect thank u rob
nice!!! how u make it say oof whenever u die?
3 years ago                        ?????
Nice song you picked there
Guys im gonna be honest its been so long since I put this out that I forgot the pass.. sorry
pass is 178733
I made this level when I was in the hospital for a week back in 2018 :)
e
am i stupid, or am i stupid?
Epic !!!!
lol i love the death effect awesome level
oh woah smarkeys here, i thought they quit because they havent uploaded a level in a while lmaoo
Awesome colours, and cool song =}
Like this and this level will be featured
Cool level! Something about this is unique, and I like that :D
hmm...HMMM...HMMMMMM.... RUB YOU NEED TO FEATURE THIS MASTERPIECE NOW HOLY HECC
Just played till the end, idk what you were on to make this good of a level but gg
This should get epic ngl
Thanks Rob! :D hope everyone are still enjoying the level!!
u my sir .. just made a masterpeice
As I write this, you might already be well known and admired.
this surprisingly still holds up today
Seriously though, you are going to be the next famous creator.
the new thor movie is called thor: love and thunder... coincidence?
 i love thunder too
its rare that i can 1 attempt a 2.0 6 star, most 2.0 levels are unsightreadable and unbalanced
that ONE SPIKE
2.1 is coming!!!!!
swag
top 10 reasons why i hate this game
great
lol hi danz
this might be the turning point of your level making skills
A Rafer lvl with easy coins?? Impossible.
c a r r o t j u i c e .
dang that wave part at the beginning was hard
ill rate 6 stars
Ship part was cool
A stargrinder's nightmare
how do you beat this because i dont want to die after playing this for 15 minutes
if i died at 99 or something i wouldve  questioned my existence
                                                                                           how
gg i lost 15 minutes of my life
Hope for a new rate xD
This Game Is Legendary 
ok everyone, can we just agree that vesuvius rivals seponge for greatest minigame level creator?
I played with two friends and one raged. That's good cuz means that the game works :)
a chto nado delat?
um how do i play ludo
no way in hell im wasting 15 minutes for a 2 star wtf
Ludovico
totally played the whole level and totally didn't leave to do something else
One of my buttons just wanted to leave the screen so it crawled off...!!!
all you have to do is tap once to start the ludo game, and then you win.
Is this just a midddle finger to stargrinders
ya cidel c etim yrovnem 15min 43cek!!!
Im the 4100th like.
Special thanks to doar and UltraChris for building parts. :)
Thanks everyone! Also 9000 views wth
Thanks a ton! :)
But this aint bad after all :)) I can see this getting star rated.
the song is so Nostalgic
pass 8662 (pls like)
Wow this song made me nostalgic
ohhh thats a dual part PFFF
The gameplay seems inconsistent through the drop. And the deco in some parts seems outdated
Checkm8
yr'oue did it !!!!
GG! :)
I'll upload it to my Youtube channel, I'm like Maindashcraft
AYYYY GG
Should be Glow Overload instead of Infraction
800 likes! Thanks everyone so much! :D
your a god
great level 
I dont even know what happened but it happened
Lacking. Quite empty and the colours are oversaturated and not contrast enough. Not bad. :)
how many more of these are there lmao
very good level! :D i have given a like and a rating and i have sent it to several moderators.  :D
if you want the real gp you can just copy my level and go to the top of the editor
very hard for hard 5
As soon as I see this song, I know what's up in store for me...
gg all levels with the same layout 8)
Gucci!
14.400 stars 20/8/21 :)
I will tell EVW to play and star rate this
this shouldve been 7* like some of the other levels lol
F
never thought using @ as a saw decoration would look so good lol
fake stsootate, cring
This is the 5th time i've seen this layout gameplay, why tho???
GG! :)
7 star
41 att level 6 star :\
i think this is the worst one with this gameplay imo
should be 6*
damn this is clean , i love it so much <33333
God Effect <3
1 like this comment - 1 respect this lvl
Like for funny number
took me this long to realize idk whats going on
I can't see sh*t
Amazing design + effects? Epic worthy.
my 3 year old brother was watching me play this and now he's doing a silly dance on the floor :)
idk what happened i was just pressing buttons
I literally cannot see any part of the gameplay
i love it <3
pronto el video :)
Amazing :)
Where tf does this get off being a 5 star??
effect kill my eyes
This is epic
like if u dont like dream
my eyes hurt
can someone tell me what the hec  is goin on?
1 like = 1 R.I.P for mobile users
This is Epic!
theres a hidden jump ring at 19%, tap it to get the coin
this is gonna get daily just wait
Good level, but it's pretty empty in my opinion. The intro is also waaaay too long.
Good Job friend!
This music goes hard for no reason. GG
18.000 UserCoins GG! :) [12/7/2021]
jump at 19%
Gg 18k stars! :D
like porfa
Who else beat this on 1 attempt?
:u
Uy nada mal bro :)
ay que bonito :
muy bueno el nivel 
Featured? but..., very nice! :)
huh
LET'S GOOOOO 3,000 stars :D
GG 1100 stars!!!
1 coin!
Normal level are slowly becoming Easy levels
gg, 29.4k user coins. Quality coins, I admit.
1st coin has a bug: If LDM is enabled, you won't get that coin.
what the dog doing?
This person is the only person ever to know what the dog doin
find the coins challenge (impossible)
I've finally found the truth. I now know what the dog doin. 3 coins, gg :)
You are finally back! Glad to see your fun coins again, but please don't waste me and make harder!
Often lacks cohesion, but the nostalgic atmosphere is captured very well. :)
well, the really asnwer is.. What are doing the dog??
gg where are the coins?
the coins the coins where are                                   the coins
This is cool! One thing I suggest is making sure whats an obsticle at the 20 part
The dog reached 157,000 stars. GG! :)
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOO YESSSSS
these coins dont exist...
80% is bugged
g
oh
two coins are good enough for me, no way am i getting the third one lmao
very fun, unfortunately the end ship is super laggy so it feels like an insane demon lol
Horrible gameplay
first coin victor with coin gets a shoutout from Cursed (challenge players excluded)
That ship part in the middle is kinda hard for 5 stars...
This is REALLY tight for a 5*, I'd think it's at least a 6 or 7 from the ship...
Deco: 10/10 Gameplay 0/10
ruining this game one coin at a time
GG! :) 6620 Attempts! This is now my new favorite level! Wonderful experience in challenge for coin!
tbh this gameplay isnt fun at all
that coin is scarier than any horror movie
:love3sh:
LOL ILY ROB
Pass is 003198, like so everyone can see! :)
lol i died around 30 times at the last 3sh click and 1 time past it
Everyone says how hard the coin is and I am yet to find it.
que susto me dio el final
you are telling me that I have to beat 3sh for ONE coin???? are you serious???
that is NOT 5 star ship and ufo gameplay lmao thats 8 star
There, I nerfed the ship. If it is still unbalanced, pass me a DM actually telling me what to fix.
Like si crees que es una mi3rda el inicio
could someone please explain what part of this level is 5 stars...??
both of my player colors were black and i was so confused lol
Some parts feel a little empty but overall nice work and nice inclusion of player colors. :)
i will fix the bug
really cooll :D
my player colors were gray/white
rated with only 8 likes, incredible
wait I just realised it's because I use white as my secondary color LOL
Like=Dios Ignora=Diablo
lol full white is ridiculous
GLUECKWUNSCH!!!
GG Me gustaron los efectos :3
this level is really annoying when one fo your colors is white lol
The first ball is really hard to see :(
Making him guess the part of the ball is no fun at all.
this is how old my comment is                                                                     ->
i wnen to sleep and i died
GG 5383 STARS!
lol 1 attempt even with my colors
Invisible level, Ima go change my colors :)
Please focus on the gameplay more, my god
sources tell me this level has colors
rob get off your gym theres a level to rate
Where's the epic rating?
I have read that some parts are buggy. Where and what is the bug? I want to fix them :)
epic
i have no doubt in my mind this will definitly get featured
this level is perfect, nothing needs fixed! Good Job! I hope you earn your first cp!
I got 94 and it said FEEL THE PAIN
hey rob how come Peenos is an inappropriate name but Butt Sucker isn't
Epic!Rub epic pls!
Really nice and fun to play, 1 attempt gg!
just an incredible level
idk why this is not epic, this might be the best level i have seen in recent time WOW good JOB
it got to the point, where i was completely reliant on the arrows
Like if You Love to Walk Your Dog
Your levels are horrendously underrated. Really great work dude.
amazing level highly reccomend playing it
3k stars :D
Why no epic?
Such a cool level dude! You're such an underrated creator
I advise you to wear sunglasses before playing it
terrible gameplay, can't see anything
Holy cow this is bright
okay...now! WOAH THERE!!! <3
It's hard to see when you can't see
Keep making bangers dude :)
why would you put an arrow if youre not supposed to tap
captured the vibe perfectly
idk man
Why is people hating so much on the gameplay lol
rated with 56 likes
Wow thanks Rob please delete this crappy level.
GG. 35,171
i would call this gameplay awful but i cant see any of it anyway
GG :)
gg
Pretty dumb of you to make unseeable gameplay.
my eyes :)
i love it
wdym that was a ball?
CODE RED DA SUSPECT
the first level rated with this song, legendary moment
if i get top comment i will release 2.2
This is so garbage why is this rated
Excuse my french, but this level has some of the worst motherfuqin gameplay I've ever came across
death corridor, but with this level, its live corridor
please never make gameplay ever again
95k stars
the fact that this is 8 stars makes the gameplay feel so much worse, 275 attempts
GG! :) 21 Attempts!
its demon!!!
i fail, rob: try jump, how i can jump with a wave?
The gameplay and decoration is a joke.
GG.
you're not that guy pal, trust me, you're not that guy
This song is such a bop and you're so good at pulsing it made everything so enjoyable
9k stars :D
oh no, cringe
Completely impossible on 144hz xd
for real though, this should be an easy demon. I'd probably see it as a better level if it were tbh
hi luigi
:()
OOPZ BATMAN CAME TO MY HOUSE AT3 A.M. (NOT CLICKBAIT) (GONE WRONG)
this level is extremely
1 like = one less day til 2.2 comes out
Bowser
Redpilled Gamingwiths
like for a cookie :)
The Fourth Victor of The Level! I don't even have any words. All i can say is, GG!!!
this is so good
gg i am hacker
Oops I beat the level
bulgarian likes this level
this is COOL. i like it
gg 100% ez lvl
:)"gg
GGGG 900 Demons !!!
kto ruskiy laik
wooo 4345 atmp :emoji_9: route
gg
GG! :)
lol funny number
Man the only difficulty in this is not being able to see what's going on
GG, this is medium demon!:))
pass 123789
Really nice level! The colours and effects work really well, this will be featured soon!!
the song sounds like a dehydrated dolphin laughing
@Xatz its supposed to be 400+ groups lmao
this song kinda slaps bro, nice jersey club future bass hybrid
GG, 41 attempts!  Really cool!  :)
gg
Im noticing that theres bugs with 60hz. Ill fix them ASAP when i get home
GG! 10 attempts, was expecting to need prac mode but this was fair the whole way through :)
GG! Demon #775 + 1 coin :)
cringe gameplay
Not hard demon, low-end medium demon I think
18 attempts, fluke from 11 yeah
mostly enjoyable, good job!
GG! 6 attempts.
GG :D
could you have made this any more boring
Interesting :0
OMG THANK YOU FOR USING MY SONG NEZZIE AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Delightful level. I think I saw it somewhere on the stream, right?
GG's! A little hard to differentiate what you have to avoid or not, but it's a cool concept tbh.
loved this style
of short beginnings
This level and song are both copy+paste...
p awesome
boring but also really cool
Rob heres a good question, do you like ducks?
No problem reinn! I really liked it and I would recommend other creators to use your songs too!
Amazing! :0
beautiful
another banger
yea this is awesome, as usual ngl
So simple but beautiful, wish the intro was shorter though
nezsy cool
Like for my percent :(
cool concept but WAY too long, this wouldn't feel any worse if it was like a full minute shorter tbh
que viva el sexoooooo!!!
If robtop doesnt feature this im getting his mom.
The structures are well designed, the playability is acceptable, I liked the violin <3
Nice gameplay, animations and colors. Please Rob Featured
Hola bro soy Giovanni Carranza y vi el video de tu nivel, solo quiero decir que tu nivel es genial 
Buen nivel hermano!
if RobTop doesent feature this,i call FBI and CIA and KGB and Stasi
Uff 
Dance Of The Violins la vieja confiable xdxd
Harder!?!?!
la violinista creo que me iso cosas raras
i follow u for a reason. ur one of my favourite design creators! keep making bangers
divino
pianisticisticastico
Like if this level is awesome!!
first to comment
cool
Fun coins! :)
im surprised to see upside down wave in a 6* 
it's very messy
good idea
I'm already playing 2.2 :)
ooooooooo,partition
lo del modo daltonico la vrdd me gusto mucho.
esto si le va justar mucho a robtop
i feel like i'm in 2.2 lol
Quienes vinieron por el video de Partition den like y manden solicitud
3 coin no jump in 80% and jump in 82% to get the coin :)
modo daltonico
la 2.2 esta en tus manos :v
casi pense que era la 2.2, gg!
Gg increible, esta muy bien hecho, buen nivel
Liaxloga me lo confirmo xd
Hermoso que viva el modo daltonico y esto le va encantar mucho a robtop GG
lol,I noob
el primer nivel ke veo con el modo daltonico :D
Portales Para La 2.2 Fantastico Bro, La 2.2 Se Acerca Hay Muchas Novedades! :-) 
est bien chido el nivel
2.2 moment 
The portals of the new geometry dash update
why the first coin is free? btw cool level, but the gameplay could be better.
1 like = 1 star
ok nice..u will get first cp soon 
pass is 135798 like so the other can see :)
Nice
Sorry about that alot , i fixed now , sorry
1st coin:hold in beginning, 2nd coin:land on the  blue pad at 39%, 3rd coin,tap right as land at 88%
fire level!
pass:135798
start position
pro tip: jump at the start
very cool and good
gg
cp
GG! 22,700 Stars! :)
Nice lv
GG All Coins. For 2nd Coin: Go up 38%-39% once you are at the edge of the platform.
amazing. Proud of ya
So fun and nice, congratulations for the first CP!!!
gg on the first rate! :)
Happy birthday Neut! <3 You've got to teach me how to build good modern LOL, this is so clean!
im a stupid baby
Happy birthday pal! Here's to another year <3
Happy Birthday!! This is probably one of your best levels. You've come such a long way c:
AMAZINGGGGG <333 HAPPY BIRTHDAYYY!!
happy birthday, you absolute massive king <3
you are a stupid baby
Thanks for all the great levels you've made, bye and good luck with your future endeavors! ( ^^)/
Epic GG!
I really like that background wavy section at the beginning. Such a clean style, happy b-day :)
i am 18 today >:
Congrats bro. Here comes tons of homework
awesome level, happy birthday!
i want the cake
happy b day furry
hbd bro, awesome level
GG! 9000 STARS
gg
Nice!! :D
GG! Really nice! :D
can i get top comment with TWO LIKES??
I beat this while waiting for a roller coaster
i love it. 3 coins 4 attempts
p.
I dont think rob is gonna go that far
this should be daily just to tell the people in daily chat what they need to be
For the future, as long as the coins aint free in the beginning theyll be verified
Secret way fixed
gg secret way
Very nice
not my best, not even close
GG!! 1 Att <3
FREE COINS XD
apple juice anyone?
obviously lvls with secret ways use to get unrated but now the secret ways just get removed
gg!
very nice
since when does rob care about free coins lol, many levels and dailies have free coin(s)
cuz they're free at the beginning
ye thazm youre definitely fine. Unfortunately dont think youll get daily tho.
a touching story about the racial divide in america (see the joke is that the level is black and whi
ITS FINALLY OUT!!!
the gameplay is good, but the deco makes it confusing. However, this is still incredible, good job!
bit hard for a 5*
my cat walked across my lap and I let go of the dash orb so I could shove her off -_-
the hardest five star ever?
I SENT THIS LAST NIGHT ON STREAM TO KNOTS GG LOL
If there are any bugs, please private message me in gd
ebeeebebebeebe
10 likes and i eat my sprite can
grats on your first epic homie
REFRESH THE LEVEL SORRY ABOUT THAT
its gonna be tough to critisize this without seeming like a racist
Pass is 696969 now like (:
yes i luv this lvl
these transitions are hot
Dope af thx connot
YESSS THIS EPIC IS SO DESERVED
awesome! really clean, smooth, and dynamic
Amazing work!!
I hope this will be first place epic feature exactly as long as Critical Effect was :)
nobody uses move triggers like this mf does
This is fire
i have my 15. B-day today, can i get like?
Pass is 076468,thank me later ;)
SpooFy, your bride is ready! Ms Rotate Trigger will marry you shortly.
Babe wake up, new spoofy level
Epic
The transitions in the second half hit HARD
For the coin you need to wake up the Dragon at 67%
wish the gameplay was more readable, especially near the end, looks epic though
i died at 30% six time before realizing there was a button i had to hit
Coin: wake up 67% dragon & Double tap last green orb
HELP! There is fire on my device! I think its from how hot this level is...
neato :p
Sick level, insanely fun gameplay :)
Absolute perfection, exactly what I was expecting! :D
This is soo good lol
why i can't download the song?
imagine showing this to a 1.0 player
100 likes and i sell my sister for internet connection
so pretty
robtop hate endlevel
Cool! I really like that illustration of the orchid :o
rose?
this is extremely good
hmmm secret way
kinda hard for ez demon but holy sh*t this deco is insane
bad gameplay
Neat
coin: dont touch the up slants in the ship right after the 1st and 3rd teleportals (32% and 34%)
56 attempts. highly unorthodox gameplay. buggy and unfun
GG! 63 attempts, thanks Nick ;)
we love Cool in this household
bruh robtop was high af when he rate this. that level is definitly NOT easy demon
Bro that's siiiick! Hope it will get more attention. Your best solo ngl, also gp is very-synced! :)
this is not an easy demon by far, this is at least a medium demon
took me a while to get used to the gameplay, but it was fun after
You really went out of your comfort zone. Great job.
127 att (54-100% Fluq) Horrible gameplay tbh...
I'm glad that the February 2 Chipotle Incident has been immortalized as the June 5 Bus Stop Incident
Amazing work :)
WOAH! It's shipment
i waited for a bus and all i got was this lousy star
SUPER CUTE GG:)
frogot the bag...shoot!
Wait, I forgot my bag
screw fed ex im using woah its shipment
Updated to fix the credits at the end
Look mom its me
anyone noticed the Eric Van? xD
the description is a reference to toy story
HE FORGOT THE BAG
Next stop: Death Moon
screw the bus /tp @s school
eric van wildermoving is my favorite way to, uh, move
FORGOT THE BAG 1 like = 1 brain  cell that will remember next time
If you want it to be more accurate, then make it an xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxl long.
Legendary! Pass is 060521 :)
hello yes i am orange guy
good level, but gameplay is strange and why cant i jump on the moving objects?
leogin becoming jesus
my eyes: DoNt Tap...my brain : bro just dont tap...my finger: tAp
gameplay strange
deserve feature!
LESSSGOOOOO, im very proud of us :)
It wasnt necessary
Sorry for the bad gameplay guys, i will try to improve as much as i can next time <3
14%-19% could use more structures and details but it's fine I guess
LETS GOOOOO 
bugged while playing with 300fps
good deco, terrible gameplay
ggggg
stop putting random invisible auto parts into a 7star
I really like the deco this can get featured :) However, you guys need to solve gameplay issues
Nice! I love the glow in this level :)
gg 
AMPANGET MO LEPING PERO ETO AY GOODS
nice 
ulala
Cool!
Who subcrised trash?
I'm Riizal and i like this, thx for dedications!
mods rlly say *its not bad* but when they see a danzmen solo level their like *Amazing!*
GG All Coins. For Coins: Tap all 3 triggers at 7%-17%.
there some secret way and a pillar blocking so the spike is cant be seen, i hope you fix it soon.
this level was good until i clicked play
hawt
Looks a bit copypasted sometimes but overall that's not bad!
VERY POG!
Unzorrr! Thanks :)
Good job dude this is awesome Good job for getting your first feature
Que es esta webada?
This makes me mad, I dont like its gameplay >:[
I got 54% whyyyyyy Still a good level hope Trash makes more =>=
Dont go. IDC if u dont have motivation. Take me! Plz. Dont leave me without inspiration ;~;
if danzmen uploaded this it would get epic.
Congrats! You really deserved it :)
:0
We've been tricked, we've been backstabbed, and we've been quite possibly bamboozled by square orbs
we're so talented
bliss got rated. time to get political
it may just be a fancy layout but the style and polish make it better than most levels
this is cool but featuring this promotes more layouts. probably better as a rate tbh
A little less than an hour to beat this. This is too majestic to stay unrated !  ~w~
absolutely cracked, about time people started to focus more on gameplay
the fact that this looks better and is way more fun than some Epic rated levels...
how can people complain that it's rated even though it's better than many featured levels
viprin: this layout opinion poll is irrelevant to robtop rating bliss! also viprin:
I'll be honest. This is a really nice layout. I'm ok with this rate :)
212 attempts. #1246
Gameplay is better than decoration. Dercoration is overrated these days.
the rating of this level is completely justified and if you have a problem with it then go cry xd
for a medium demon this is really brutal
best level ever, GG
More levels like this need notice, i thought the point of the game is to have fun playing?
GG! 73 attempts, pretty fun to learn :)
1:like 1:banned hackers
gameplay is just as important as decoration
marwec gp and burgaroz effects what is better then this?
Robtop be like: Oh boy new crispycroc level
its my birthday can I pls have 2 likes
1 like = 1 prayer
moon > sun
really interesting
The vibe of this is so sinister, I love it
89k stars
GG! :) 27 Attempts!
crispy out here getting medium length levels rated
whut
This is how NASA made their rockets to moon
wtf is that "yahoo" noise
._.
friday night funkin music be like
if this gets 30 likes my mom will give me 10$
huh
you have such a unique style, and i love it so much
This lvl was weird
I forgot the dashore
so confusing
:P
lets go indeed
so easy
floppy is so cool
am i the only one who finds this gameplay unplayable?
Very very nice :D
i still prefer the prequel but this was good!
stop freaking out about getting 2 or 3 percent. its really not that hard, go play stereo madness
finish part
GG! :)
very cool 
great nivel
Masterpiece
cracked
89 is bad.
sup >:3
1274 attempts GG on mobile!
artos shut up
cool level bro
lets gooo
GG! 50,600 stars :)
@spearfire81 eggsactly
Please don't make the ''eggcellent'' joke, it isn't funny anymore.
unbalenced difficulty
4 star for first 50%, 51-75% is 7 star, 76-100 is easy demon.
ufo at 75% was a pain, rest is really really fun 
This is like a 5 star with a hard UFO
[insert egg joke here]
YEAAHHHH
sweet sexy sax
fun
we should thank robtop for giving us a free insane 8 level
Salchicha
you just have to jump to the song in the ufo part :///
wtf speedy scary
Level: Easy, UFO: Extreme Demon
i like this except the last robot part. Ufo is also meh
cool level,  but it isn't 8 star, ldm working (not lag on my phone)
one more egg joke and im flatlining
This ufo part is for a easy demon.
I love the deco, but the gameplay especially the mini spikes in the spider ruin it.
I hate how ppl just have good deco but the gameplay is actual garbage
I dont even care about 2.2 anymore. just give us a "reply" button in the comment section
avoid using tiny invisible spikes in gameplay, they are not at all fun
Nice job!
the mini spikes in the first spider part r pretty annoying
hol up aesuki finished a level??? lets gooooooo
969 Likes.. AMOGUS
The last coin is such a troll! Haha sorry
Moment.
Cool :)
lets see what happens tho, hype!
9*s are always harder than demons
the spider was actually very good everybody who says its bad sucks, the thing that does is 63-71
GG! :)
GG! :) 158 Attempts (On Phone)!
all coins easyy
i fixed the spider guys
Had to do it twice because of the last coin haha, pretty cool but spider a bit annoying
wow!
i reached the limit of this level
rob, lunar intoxication by cyclic, we gotta see that one again
secret way at 20%, dont tap the blue orb 
GG secret way in 53, dont touch 
Wait when was this rated? Thought it got rated just now.
These puns have no limit
Invisible speed changes make this level annoying to play,but it's good that this lvl has secret way
secret way fixed :/
thankyou...
I originally took the secret way, but that felt cheap so I beat it how it was intended to be beaten
rip secret way;( pero melo supere con secret way:D!!
teretegegegeg hard
a
GG! this is a really cool looking level, with a lot of variety (maybe too much at times)
please rerate lunar :pleading_eyes:
GG! secret way at 21% :)
gg sw
GG Secret Way Is Out Lol Lmao 
gameplay is weird for a 9 star but i took the secret way :(
gg with coin
the creator of the song is WHAT
Did you know that the Creator of the song is also a R34 artist?
you're definitely one of my favorite creators rn
orbs are pretty buggy, otherwise really cool and fun
I have personally viewed SpeedoSausage's art
love the gameplay and the simplicity
I love this level so much <3
son bin
Nice!
really fun level, bug at 26% where you can use dash orb to fall to the bottom and skip part of level
wai-
i love this :)
gg creative level!
arigato
My dice has brain damage from hitting its head so much
GG 94,000 Stars! <3
"every which way"
GG, 8000 stars, awesome level!
My poor cube has a concussion from the start of the level now...
gg nice level
OH MY GOD
great please delete the stick insect from my part i beg of you
GG! :)
solsta
for once i actually care about a demon getting ratige!!!
This is going straight to the boss folder
OH MY GOD IT GOT RATED HOLY SHIT GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
Participants: Fitatfi, Sink, Me, sSolsta, Zylsia, Xeinth, Purple Popcorn, Kyder, J2ko, Emilygoose
Considering adding an LDM and fixing up some gameplay, let me know if you have any issues :)
GG! 12 attempts, one of the best medium demons in the game for sure :)
good level but REALLY SEVERELY annoying parts, i dont recommend this level that much :(
that was great and fun
Needs a low detail mode
GG! Demon #752, Garbage gameplay and level....
IT GOT FEATURED LETS GOOOOOO
GG! :) 101 Attempts!
g+g = gg
GG!
@waaaaaaaaaaaario milky ways redux is better than milky ways
i think Hard Demon
ye will rate more just gonna make a peanut butter sandwich first. guys gotta eat
Daily chat this level is your chance to be nice and clean for once. Lets have a good day
minecraft speed run
5 likes on this and i'll eat my underwear
Coins: tree at 8%, don't hit blue orbs at 42%, hold and don't touch the red orb at 65%. Like? :)
fishy why are you sleeping
She wants boneless wings, chicken tender combo
sick level :)
this made my day, very fun
I HaCkEd tHiS cOmMeNt! YoU cAnNoT lIkE iT!1!1!1!1 who came up with this
elder daily
Today is a Good Day
hit the buttons, gaskin6
hommies gotta eat his pb's
Very enjoyable, well done!
pb&j is heat
@BetaBoyGMD Hello
this song makes me want to inflate a fennec fox
These birds are gay! Good for them
I dont mind lgbtq people, its not my business, as long as they're not rubbing it in my face lol
hi
nice art
dont make me jump off of a platform that just pops up while im at 4x speed
FIRST CP GGGGGGGG
this only needs 18 likes to be at top comment! get it up to there!
This is really good
1 att, pretty sightreadable thanks for that :)
somebody rate this plz
Anime arts, looks  Nice. Very cool level :)
ddiwidjekoodkck kxkjqkxoo kxn
FURFIN CP GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
Awesome arts!! <3
Rate pls
really very nice :)
wtf furros?
Uy disfrutable
anime + Geometry dash?
my device glitches to mutch, ): so i cant see the restvof your cool level! );
one of the picture in this lv is my facebook avatar
Beautiful
Suscribete a mi canal de youtube, me ayudarias mucho ^^
Some of the color combinations are a bit weird, but cool level nonetheless!
Gracias a todos!!! son los mejores ^^ 
esto es fead!!!!)
GG All Coins. For 3rd Coin: Jump at 96%.
un  moderador comento :0
super weno tu nivel bro
hm
Te deseo tu bien merecido featured bro <3
GG bro
GG nice level
STOP POSTING ABOUT PEENOS! I'M TIRED OF SEEING IT! MY FRIENDS ON TIK TOK SEND ME "RATE PEENOS", ON D
Would be great if it weren't for the poor transitions and obscurred gameplay
me enamoreeee O-O
GG :D nice level
Mi amigo lo conseguimos :)
bastante bien, rate and featured
Epico Merece Featured
ta muy bueno
repiola la wea,me da musho lag :v
It's finally over. First in the world to reach 4,000 demons! GGGGGGGGG! :D
To the person who made 65 just letting you know that theres a funny package in you mailbox
Shiesty
this normal I think
bonercake approval
Now draw her giving birth☆
RAATEEEE
gg
smiffy W
say the 4th, 5th and 6th letters of Partition
 
Congrats smiffy on being the first in the world to beat 4000 demons! truly a historical moment
Smiffy777 has beat this for 4,000 demons. 1 like cost.
Didn't die at the last ship, but I managed to die at 98%, then 97%. Oh well, my 39th Extreme Demon!
The Crowd Control at the Travis Scott concert wasnt very good 
FYI I nerfed the first wave a bunch. Still the hardest part but that's how it was intended anyway :)
gg
holla what aye
money in the pooh
Banger
Thanks for the Free coins =)
I don't know how did I get the 2 last coins
Clean movements!
like if you died on purpose on attempt 1 just to go back and get the first coin
pass 871100 like 
Pizza
mi cell se lageo tanto que parecia speedhack ._.XD
Everybody loves free coins right?
How did i get the last 2 coins?
Very good gameplay more the decoration was nice
Nice
I got hit with the ur gay lmao
Secret Way Igtai)
there are star-rated levels with better deco, but i like the gameplay
lag in 73
when i found the secert way i knew it when i die there
Some portals were custom and some weren't. Other than that this is great but a bit empty :)
nice hiden bro XD
i only remember getting one coin but two more is cool
nice and easy
Thanks to: Arb, Kr1t, Kruso, Cerberus, Zipi, Lake, Rustere, Kelleyxp, dominus, Toughey, and Grax
thanks for letting me verify :D
And ofc thanks to Knoeppel for verifying :)
wake up babe new james level
Fantastic
Super gorgeous glow level dude, you did such a fantastic job! GG! :)
GG! :)
GG! 103 attempts :)
Very nice :)
hell yeah, good to see this finally rated
thanks so much rob!!
GG, 2,893 attempts! :)
finally
663 attempts, very unbalanced, wish 34% wasn't a blind jump, and that 58% and 73% were playtested.
gg
Fun level, GG! :)
woaaah this is awesome
:heart_eyes:
fault wuz here
Holy James, this is incredible. Keep up the great work man :fire:
Very cool :)
Day 69 of waiting for my dad to come back 
GUYS!! I found this really cool game called geometry dash! you should play it be- oh... wait...
I do like this however, its a little messy and outdated. Not quite there yet for a star rate imo. GL
Like for epic and daily                                                                     [Here]->
Very thanks to every supported me! :)
BRO THIS IS PERFECT! 
my global rank is 174,000 because i actually go outside
very good :)
Alfin algo bueno en niveles recientes...
Very thanks MOD
This is pretty hard
Blue orb in the beginning makes this really annouying
GG 4 ATT, this level have a cool layout. Nice!
Day 70 of waiting for my dad to come back
Super Cool
:)
 cool gameplay :D
the best music!!!
gg
Bigu Brain Mode
what code do i input to give the level legendary rating
++++[++++>---<]>++.-[--->+<]>++++.-------.------.
spu7nix@robtopgames.com  now you are officialy a RobTop worker
WHAT
Incredibly unique as always
i wanted to play gd not study for my computer science exam wtf
2.2 scares me now
once again pushing boundaries i didnt even know existed in this game. really sweet
robtop makin a big mistake working solo
WOOOOOOO
?????????? what ????? how? ????????
c++ in gd when
Insane.
THE ENDING ANIMATION 100/100
spu7nix when he recreates geometry dash in geometry dash in geometry dash
Spu7nix doesnt just break boundaries, he breaks them, makes new ones, then breaks those ones too
you are insane
it's strange to think that this was technically possible to make 4 years ago.
While we are waiting for 2.2, he is in 5.6
this level is really unbalanced
since all of the difficulty of this level is past 40% and its long it feels so boring to play
3,800th Demon. GG! :)
the description says "Deez nuts"
I hate swingcopter, the worst gamemode ever
:<
Fun fact: If you added an s to the beginning of the name, the levels name would be  Sheeps
This has some pretty horrible balance, but besides that the parts are quite fun
hate my life :)
sorry for the start position idk how it got there. fixed it doe
thanks for making a cancer ass wave and buggy gameplay :)
not bad
whos here from EVW
can u rebalance? the first 25% is literally auto
Wavespam: The demon
GG! :)
3 Words: Unbalanced wave Trash
19 att. Very fun but the wave part feels way too long lol
Not bad for 1st attempt no practice :p
Damn 97% spider is more luck then skill
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
some parts of this level feels super unplaytested
Really awesome level! It definitely deserves an epic rating. I'd say the diff is about hard demon?
its neat
whoever made the ufo at 79 i hope you step on two legos at the same time
ITS RATED
very nice
sync is epic
Awesome!! The gameplay is very fun and the designs fit completely with the song! Good job :)
I hate being on 60hz
Your LDM isn't very nice to me :(
052321 is the pass
shut up zgod
GG! :)
good, but needs better ULDM and LDM imo
Added a few updates to patch skips and bugs!
Ok, poeple who read this, trust me, I JUST FLUCKED IT FROM 5% !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
First Malaysian Victor!
level gives me void wave vibes
this level sure is insane for mobile but somehow i beat it GG
culo
not too bad, quite fun to play honestly
Super clean, super smooth, super fun, super cool! I love it! :)
bug 23% for 144hz has fixed :D
fun level
hi guys peace and love 
This looks like a level by a really advanced creator :) <333
BEST GAMEPLAY EVER
i refuse to beg for my demon despite it taking a year to finish and how i do want it rated
Awesome gameplay
Really Cool! 
he would have picked a daily if this was the daily
GG! Awesome gameplay :)
GG
GG first attempt, very fun and easy to sightread! :)
Stunning level as usual, you never fail to amaze me!
dubbaworld sucks
too much lag for phone :(
my new favourite level wow
yo epic!
The Genius
Awesome work man, these are genuinely astonishing and creative effects! GG!
rated PogU
That ball effect is so cooooooooool
This demon was The Only One rated today
notlsa
That ball effect is absolutely impressive.  
:O
Oh god...
Woaaaw, that's really amazing what you did, incredible work!! :o
whenever i think we've reached the peak with effects levels like this prove me otherwise
nos vemos en los awards
???
Need To Rate
That ball part tho
God this is such a cool looking level, wish it was a bit more playable though.
amazing
gonna upload a video titled "my first insane" before it drops to hard
this is a medium demon at most lol wtf
Reverex es cubano
love it
amazing
pretty nice
neat :j
not a fan of how repetitive this can get but i quite dig this!
This last ship is the worst
GG! :)
The day you get your first epic will be a highlight for me, Because you truly deserve one.
We have devolved to blind jumps
Incoming Viprin fans
Wooo! GG!
GG! 188 attempts, the song works really well with the atmosphere :)
it feels like taking two bubblegums at once
don't like the gameplay, but design is so cool
GG! :) 149 Attempts! I really like the music and level in general!
pofixsili
susah
4 comments, 1 post, every description is the same. bro this guy doesnt exist wtf
gg
probably one of the worst demons I've beaten. the creator didnt give a single f*ck aboutthe gameplay
This was an incredible experience, thank you so much for letting me go through with this madness
Very very good level. Like it a lot
This is the first top 5 verified in over a year. GG!
im here before npesta says he hates the level
i have no idea if this will get rated or not
wow
rate this
where the mods at
Gilbert Powers
robtop if ur seeing this while rating or something rate cused corridor
Hope this gets rated and placed as soon as possible. I don't want Thinking Space in the top 10. :)
pass is 789123
me
OH MYT GOD
send level
gilbert is proud
Anyone here before it's rated?
Someone took too seriously the name "buff this"
kinda overrated for insane demon i think it should be hard demon
like if harder then crimson planet
Not really demon but hey, why not
excellent level, clean decoration and enjoyable gameplay
just got rick rolled by that QR Code at the end fml
cleaner than a money ma-
Donate to the childrens fund? Why? What has children ever done for me? - Mr. Krabs
you love suixam
Hella good, but moreso 9*
Clean aesthetic with really fun gameplay, good work! ^u^
thx for the QR code, just bought a Xbox X with that thing
I SCANNED THE QR CODE WHY DID I SCAN THE QR CODE
this should have gotten epic, come on like what the hell
GG! :)
really fun
GG 4 attempts! :D
fun gp 8)
GG! 2 attempts :)
This is one of the 4 easiest 2.1 demons (The others are What Is It, ReCycles, and SaDrop)
This is so good
amazing work!
ok this is just great
Did some server changes last night to improve performance. Still ironing out some kinks :)
surprisingly fun
kinky robtop
First :0
The part at 83-87% is really horrible :(
Quin que uvuvuevuevue enentuevuevue
OMG!!! I REQUESTED THIS LEVEL THROUGH MESSAGES AND YUNHASEU14 MADE IT??? WOW!
84-86% is cancer
GG! :) 33 Attempts!
im a simple man, i see tokyo ghoul shit i click
kink
this is very cool
GG :)
Thank you for fixing the bugs. Could you possibly rate acceptance by iviper though
first ship stay up and second part of the ship stay down
This song brings back the 2.0 nostalgia
nice song
Very fun, GG! :)
good level, all of your levels should be featured :P
You Rock, YunHaSeu14!
Backgrounds look decent, i wish the designs were more interesting tho
Maybe robBob will rate it :)
great colors, although I do think the level gets a bit messy after the drop. 
now its also in  the magic tab :D
why is this not rated?
Les goo
GG All Coins. If anything this should've been the daily level instead of that TRASH level today.
gg, 28.2k user coins
=(
Cool, but I got an epic feature using only one gamemode, so limiting to 4 isnt too hard ;)
Pass: 051903
Give this man a daily.
For some reason this level lag more on low deteal mode lol
aight time to lag :D
gg 11 att
i am not edgy i am cornery
execute order 66%
no daily for yuo
Amazing  :)
rip last coin :(
you are fu*k map
I agree, 7 stars is funnier 1 sec
Saying anything just to get TopComment #4... E
we engage in a mild amount of tomfoolery
Stupid 7 star level
Like if Fortnite sucks
Rob will definitely pull a RobTroll and rate this 7 stars instead. x)
Im crying
We should ban RobTop! Swearing in a 4+ game is not acceptable!
stupid daily!! i hate 7 stars i cant beat level in two attempt!:((((
Hi, any MRT haters in chat? Any MRT haters?
kappaclysm is the only mappack level that is in a gauntlet
never trust robtop he might drag you into his home and feed you broccoli.
crazy stuff
what makes you think I live in France
funny robtop troll
i get banned for typing the peepee word and rob gets away with it :((
I got six stars, and an extra one for some reason ... weird
claim your free 213 cp here                     [CLICK]
did robtop just say that
Ok one last level I found that was too good quality to not give epic
The circle of Beggars has closed. Things return to normal
smiffy below me
Very fun level, GG! :)
Angry Birds Spaze
grrrrr he reuploaded >:(
i hate women
747 atts, GG boiz
pass is 696969. now im gonna practice this demon.
Nice medium demon
now's the time that you should rate another Youve been trolled level
GG! 9 attempts :)
bad (not good)
calamity mod
61 attempts. #1487
should be medium imo
Great megacollab, turned out nicely :)
I wanted to beat this level as soon as it came out but I forgot. Better late then never, good level
Really fun level, fluked from 74%
227 atts. gg mobile! should be medium demon tho
thanks for the 2.2 update
Roptop isnt making 2.2, the players are
very well
i love so much the achievement thing!!
i dont think there will ever be a good level with this song
so you mean i did two tripples and was betrayed
Achievement unlocked! Make a game with achievements!
Quite an unusual level and well-developed. Deserves an epic!
lvl copy pass -180521
interesting gimmicks :)
my man popping off with two consecutive epic ratings
Like if you were fooled by the the '?'
for the coins, in 13% touch the orb, in the first ufo tap the name of a creator, spam at final.
ending was kinda weird tho
this scares me, I feel like 2.2 levels will be so annoying and impossible to sight read :/
Rob can you just release 2.2 so we can stop making it for you?
really cool!
this guy is a legend for putting detail into the 2.2 physics
wow gg ,2.2 my love
why u du me like dat i was the smartest
The existence of a level called "DOM" implies the existence of another one called "SUB".
cool gameplay
For someone that is colorblind, that's amazing
rob is literally trolling at this point give the homie his epic :c
nooooooo
lol thats my name
why did you put the arrows just that when you click you die at the spike
gameplay at the start                                                                          sucks
 
Khelado really popped off
This is really fun. Awesome designs with some amazing colors. Great level :)
*insert likebeg comment to get top comment*
Guys I think Kodex is pregnant
Dont put pads behind portals!
BRO WHY IS THE NAME OF THE LVL MY NAME IN REAL LIFE WTH :0
OOOO GG!
so whos the sub then ;)
GG Fluked from 56%. Another Insane level thats WAY better than most new 7* levels.
even more bruh moment
he says dom but what he means is that he wants mod
Water is wet
Pretty fun
Whatever by iMaT please? It's a gift from another creator <3
thank you for disliking it means a lot for me
oh crap a magic level that is NA robtop what happend
LETS GO
good
oh!
should be an epic featured insane level
@hydro same, I just hope for everyone's best :)
coin: miss 2nd green orb at 2
A bit like Dhaner's deco, but I really like it! good work :)
rly nice; cleaner then ur usual levels! I think this could get epic :)
pretty cool :sunglasses:
GGGGGGGGGGG
this was fun :)
I thought that there was a danzmen r he and so participated:D
100% it will be an insane level
Awesome level but I'm not a fan of the first cube section.
dang
Give me more. I need to use the phrase "Follow me if you want to live" more often.
WTF LOL THAT'S MY ICON
Gib me your shard
bruh this is sick. Not many levels actully tell a story
There is a ramp in one of the stone buildings,  thats how to get the coin. Like if this helped!
I guess I have to finish now :/
duck life vibe
Thank you everyone!!
recuardame cuando seas famoso :D
Epiccccccccccccc
This concept is really cool
THIS IS SO COOL
love this level so much!
GG best level i have played
its... a cube story...  with gameplay...   and custom speeds?
this is my favorite level now, cant wait for part 2
No, no, I dont think I will give that shard to you
Attempted to fix bug at 54. Let me know if it  was fixed :3
I love the level and the cutscene.
I want part 2!
Like, if you are German, and know, what the title means ;)
Gibt es auch Nachfreude? XD
Echt tolles Level, hab' es sogar in die Top 10 geschafft! :)
heyy very nice level bro, thanks for dedication :D
ayyy shaggy thanks!
2 mod sends let's go!
niceee
Coin 1:  15% | Coin 2:  74% | Coin 3:  Free
Poggers
Sent to MOD  "AMAZING"
kewl
really good detail meh gameplay
Yoooo, you got your account back!
This level is really ba- *gets shot*
i hate the smell of gluten free flour in pita bread
GG!
gg 1 atempt
but there is a bug at 69....
amazing work :3
Glad that you guys liked it ^^
POV: you came from erics live stream and wanted to see if it was rated, and you went in the comments
Here come the 8 year olds saying like if you came from evw
a bit simple but i like the effects
WOW go rate rub
thanks everyone!! :)
POV: you came from evw
coin: go up at 37%
If Rob Don't Rate This, I Will Talk About Somethings To Him.
This is wonderful! didnt come from evw
Nice ^^
Fact: EVW wants this level featured 3 stars
who else came here from evw?
Great level, idk how robtop has featured this
Just watched evw video lol
someone get this rated pls
imagine still commenting (like if you came came from evw)
dis better be rated
gg
here from EVW
POV: You came from Eric but are 2 months late.
We love you Michi!! You will forever stay in our hearts as the nicest person of GD History /\/\/\ <3
Sorry if I offend someone, it was not my intention ...
disable motion, disable lyrics, disable flashes... but i have never seen disable umbrella
/\/\/\
rest in pease michigun, i hope he sees this dreamy level in heaven
Thank u Rob and everyone for the support <3
Remember guys, this lvl it's old (like 2 months ago)
no quiero terminar el nivel no quiero
Anyone else felt emotional while playing this?
the ending made me cry, im gonna sent even i know that mods and robtop are the one who can only rate
Rest in Peace /\/\/\
rest in peace :(
/\/\/\
Lindo homenaje a Michigun.
Goodbye,DonutCopper,Michi and Copypasta.I hope this angels in a better place...
beautiful <3
R.I.P. Michigun /\/\/\
/\/\/\ MICHIGUN 99% /\/\/\
feature worthy
/\/\/\
been almost a year since i made my part lol
1000% insane demon 
"Warning: NeuroToxin is at dangerously unlethal levels"
wtf how this is only hard demon ? whis is insane demon
Ah yeah, A level of great quality
032621, you're welcome.
So annoying gameplay omg...
Everyone worked insanely hard to get rid of the stolen deco. This makes me so happy. GG. We did it. 
GG! :)
This took WAY too long. But it's finally over. :D
carm levels pretty good to be fair /shrug
GG! :)
the tital reminds me or Portal
Congratulation with first cp :)
GLaDOS would like to know your location
lvl looks sick gp was a bit annoying :/
insd 100% sure
yooo they remade toxic overdrive with the stolen parts gone
too hard for hard demon
i have flooded your room with a deadly
This is definitely a good level. :D
So my cube can slay dragons, defeat the devil, and defy god but I died to a lamp post???
really makes you feel like a golden devil
its pretty hard to tell apart what can kill you and what cant, but awesome art and atmosphere! sent!
Very cool
Sick ideas! There is something here and there to be improved but this gives me epic feelings wtf
That first transition made me jump
Really good man
Very Nice my friend =)
Woahh
i wish the dragons on the BG had more animations,anyway this has a really well done atmosphere! 
"godzilla: king of the monsters" in a nutshell
Wish there was a bit extra detail around the structures. Besides that, great work!
pretty neat :u
niiiice art
Nice
im really a fan of the monsterverse so i can say this is totally epic! The arts are really cool! GG
that is King Ghidorah?
This is what's going to happen in 2021.
GG | Best Godzilla level ever :D
fly high, champ </3
rest in piece Copypasta
good job :)
Thanks everyone :)
Crimson Corridor cannot get daily because of the teleport at the beginning. This can get daily
why did copypasta have to die to be noticed by RobTop? :(
hello 
fly high with michi... /\/\/\
glad you're also giving some tribute to this fellow creator, rob. keep it up <3
Rest in peace <3
i actually like garlic. but it doesnt matter! :) i will play!!1
Michigun, DonutCopper and Copypasta R.I.P
Really nice, transitions need work but I can see this getting a feature for sure!
Goodbye copypasta... You were a good friend.
life is fkn unfair, so sad to hear this, rest in peace, forever
I have the honor to be the 1000th like.  R.I.P. my friend...
She left an impact on all of us, I think it's Important that we follow her example as a community
rest in peace copypasta(i dont know whos copypasta)
People are calling copypasta a creator, but shes more known as a daily chatter
It's sad to see another member of our community pass. She was such a great creator. RIP, Copy
work on your gameplay.
cool :)
i love how many 1.9 levels have been getting rated recently, feels nostalgic :)
I hate this level
Amazing 1.9
fix that bug at 85% and It will be feature worthly ^^
I'll say it... This gameplay is not good. the style and designs are on point though. 
Like, if you like this level! :D
GG ! :)
weird but fun
carmimimus
gg 125,000 Stars
gameplay sucks
hola kasaks muroniyul
that 33% part are extreme demon difficult or i am too bad at ufo
h
G
nice
r
Gggg
Sorry If I made you angry by this reversed gameplay, I just wanted to make something interesting...
Surprisingly good for 7 hours!
I'm really surprised how well this level is created. The atmosphere is overwhelming with emotion :)
Impressively well made atmosphere for the time it was built in, nice job! :)
How could you make this in 7h. The ambient is gorgeous! 
seven damn hours!
Little buffdate. I spent 3 minutes on it, don't worry :)
hello is this impostor from amogus???
not bad
I CAN'T SEE ANYTHING
this is so amazing
the gameplay isnt bad because of the mirror portal, its bad because of the t3 stuff
GG! 4 attempts :)
20 attempts, stop making levels harder by reducing visibility. not enjoyable
dude this level man, I literally cant see what im meant to be doing.
bad gameplay
looks cool
this is so cool
It is atmosphere!
what a HELLISH level hahahahah you get me? ha.. ha.. ok.
gonna fix the dual later
supposed to be fixed
rob could you rate rivalsa by ishardi as first cp ?
17 attempts
yep, gp is bad
nice level joey
1 FPS
update : nerfed the level + fixed portal issues
People's dream have no end!
really good for 1 day
nice
800 likes :0 thanks !
imagine getting cp on ur alt
The fact that this has so little downloads and likes is a crime. THIS LEVEL IS SO GOOD
really bad transitions
:D                                       
ik, read desc..
baahsgshhhhghghhg
amazing
:u
first half had some nice parts
YES MSM RATE
OH MY GOOOOOD
Thank you so so much everyone!!!!
tysm everyone!!!
fantastic level good job
that moment when you beat it in 1 attempts but actually not
Don't listen to him MSM, you are definitely a great creator, keep creating!
Definitely not a fan of the gp, but I'm proud of our designs. GG on the rate :)
vivacious means full of life
amazing :)
Cool :)
Congrats on feature! :)
joder
h
i made it 666 likes :o
Like if amazing :)
LAG!!!
@Knots fixed ;)
gg mobile
who died here
because this level wasnt already bad enough
I thought it was an orb...
thx bro
gay
make me top comment only 5 likes pls
dude really?
wtf is this TRASH
i love the white on white in ldm, trash transitions, and the end. ill favorite and follow.
ok
why?
Nivel God, pero me la pela ese final
fun level
E M P T Y N E S S F I L L E R 
I'm sorry, but I kinda agree with orots. Bad transitions and buggy
when u try to star grind but someone makes a level that requires practice:
cry
Anti-stargrinder level.
dude really? :V
This is fine.
finaly good lvl on recent
Nice modern level! I like what you did with the layering, designs and colors.
the Blue Square illusion... Reminds me of GameCube :v
i am seriously supposed to go on the spike ???
Updated the empty transition so hopefully its not long and boring anymore
hopefully there are no bugs, and sorry about that long transition in the beginning
Magic :D
!send
me encanta estas decoraciones <3
GG Hermoso majetuoso brillante y ya
gg
should be epic ngl
my fav level :D
Amazing level <3
noodle gang
if you go out of the level it still says get it
added fail save at the end, so hopefully none of you die at 96% again
:u
GG! 1 attempt :)
3 att. It's a good level but why did you have to put the fake triple spike at the end? :(
hi
hi OrotS
not a really a star grinder but hello
hey there buddy chum pal friend buddy pal chum bud friend fella bruther amigo pal buddy friend chumm
Hi User Coin Grinders!
hi
oh yeah? name every star
Hi OrotS
hi orots
well hello there 
people really out here with 1-2k stars saying hi :flushed:
hi ;)))))
its for me :b?
henlo
4000th user coin!!
hi orots
i have no idea what happened at the drop but ok gg
what do you want
HEY OROTS
Hello from Canada :)
GG! :) 51 Attempts!
eating a clock is time consuming
thanks roooob
lets get this level rated guys
vibing in the 80's
this easy demon
gg mobile
i like the gameplay
It seem messy and not messy at the same time
i know my levels arent too great but what is so special about rivalsa to have so many ppl asking
it must be rated
bright and shine!!!!
Easier than it looks..
Ayy new rates nice
diosito santo
Love the lvl so far but this one transition at 60-61 is very frustrating
@vex imo it's a very cool remake of IIsane's level and it deserves more attention 
Please rate acceptance by iviper
gaming, just beat this Gg 0%
Rivalsa*
i figured the transition would be buggy but i didn't know you would actually die from it
waffle isnt this ur unfinished level
nice
Despite the challenge, I do think the colors are pretty wack. Otherwise I absolutely love this, sick transition effect.
finally logged in onto this account again, cp ufo time
Sorry bro, but the gameplay and level is awful :(
This is why the amount of groups/colors/objects does not determine level's quality at all
somehow sightread that dual
Excellent Level, 209 attempts :)
A Tier
Very cool
GG!!! <3
cool! love the gameplay, and dont worry, i didnt forget the looks, im in awe! :)))))
gg
Wow
GG
I think this level is similar to Peaceful
how i passed that dual in 1 attemp GG! epic level
more 9* than 8*
Muchos bug y la musica ta fea :(
@pmcgregor send me the original ID in DMs please :)
You should send this to a mod so they can send to robtop
clean but come on man ending on a drop?
Wow amazing
GG
GG
GG! :)
1 att in practice mode, but 3 atts in normal mode... uuugh
bruh im so stupid. ruined a one try run
woah good gameplay in a featured level
lmao the glow lines in the second part stop moving before the parts over thats some low key no care
definition of good gameplay
this is so cool
12345 stars
Where are the cleverblocks lmaooo
Flipping noice lvl! GG! And a huge thanks, too! Have a blessed day, all of you dear Dashers! <3 8-)
gameplay is realy cool.
Can't even listen the drop.
Yaaay, you got rated. :DD Remember me, i was 32th download of your lvl. :)
Nice colors and atmosphere :)
Very nice!
Really cool!
Awesome art
beautiful level but not a fan of the gameplay
Awesome!
LESGO ITS OUT!! happy to build the first part for this mc :D
you did an excellent job!
Yo its out! glad to take part in this
Amazing! :o
needs uldm
how to find good levels that r unfeatured? step 1: go to magic section, and step 2: play any level!
Ldm needs to be better
Forground goes brrrrrrrrr
ayoo its out! Glad to take part in the cobbal og
I absolutely adore the visuals!!! But the gameplay is very annoying to play through :/
Aerid has a part in a level that uses Aerin's song
deco is good but gameplay is horrendous.
any mods around here? come take a look at this
ok... thats enough foreground object... Thats enough object.. THats ENOUGH.  ITS ENOUGH SLICES
Those blocks were useful. smh
Farewell Presta, your levels are some of the best ever and I will patiently await your return.
That one kid with brown and green icons commenting "bad colours"
i never thought i'd enjoy a design level where the background is literally pure white
ily fisy
Some of the best gameplay in recent time
Senki multakulli
yes it was reallz fun to build this with u!
this slaps
i'll be (im)patiently waiting for the day fisy returns <3
epic level, will miss u presta
this is soooo goood what the hell
best gameplay
this level is awesome1 1!
Very niceu!
im ADDICTED to this gameplay!! ITS SOO GOOD!!
ok!
this gameplay is outstandingly beautiful. farewell.
fi
LaDno
Very unique level, love the obscure colour scheme and the gameplay is brilliant :)
Really cool :)
What a piece or art, incredible level. The fonts look pretty realistic.
 here are my results: i5 6400 - 24fps, i3 2350M - 9fps... cool!
KOHTPOJIEP is amazing
Annoying gameplay
gameplay stradalets, a decor vpolne mudrets.
shit gameplay
we friends
its not rated cause you cant play the level its too laggy
Thazm and i made out in the girls lockerroom back at middle school
0 fps lol
2.0 was an era that i made levels in
didnt thought ima say that on my pc maybe is because i gotta install my windows.. but the lag is real
grayson
results rtx 3070/ryzen 7 3800x = 55-60Fps
still lags with ldm mobile
worst gameplay of the year award
rip my phone oof
bad level
where the hell is the epic
GG took 30 minutes to verify :)
The eyes can only see so much. And I see my name!
like for extreme demon, dislike for insane demon
@pool is it out yet
pretty solid design level
Pass is 426842, give this level a rating, it deserves it :)
IT TOOK 2 YEARS BUT FINALLY GG WHIRL
quite impressive
Rate when?
solid level, surprised it isn't rated yet
VerY GooD. Hadest than Bloodbath.
yo lets go
Great designs but some parts feel unpolished. Sent :)
Dislike if you think this is insane, like if you think its extreme
Can we reach hard demon lol
definitely not bad for its time, sent for rate. :)
this is harder than tons of extreme demons ive seen
should be extreme
this swing copter tho
RATE THIS
awesome level!
To anyone who hates the gameplay, blame chase as usual.
poshel nahuy so svoim kvasom, pidoras
:3
why did people ever think this type of gameplay was a good idea
RobTop only gives popular players features, so R.I.P this level ;3;
really cool, but I think this should be at least insane 8
5 let, prosto 5 let. pizdec.
RubRub, FEATURE THIS.
when i saw the name, i thought it said norcdachilda
cum level
gosh dude this is easy demon-normal demon! not harder!
noice xDDDDD gg DANKilaz:)
gameplay is unreadable and overall a pain to play. terrible experience.
bad gameplay :/
:-^)
Why does it feel like most 7 stars should be demons and most easy demons should be 7-9 stars?
this is insane 8-9*  , GG!! :)
Offscreen gameplay is terrible, never use it as the main gimmick of your level
amazing,need a feature!
ai way deme unos tacos con mayonesa
ay wey
Laik si ablas espaniol/ dislike if you spik inglish
ta bonito
El QUE ESTE LEYENDO ESTO ES UN CRACK!
ai way mi taco
Viva Cristo Rey >:)
If you are reading this comment, then you are not dead
ay carbon
has nobody noticed the song id?
1 coin at 25%, 2 at 50%, 3 you pick a key in 70% and the coin is in 75%
viva mexico XD :V
excelente nivel :woozy_face:
BLACK PEOPLE ARE AWESOME
i dont feel any regret stealing the lolipop from the 8 year old fortinite kid
like and your crush will kiss you
like solo porque me gusto el nombre
Wow, this is amazing!
I sure hope the top comment beggers all get run over by a kenworth T680
i love the spanish language
hi Im playtester
like crimson dislike tu puta madre
Oh vaya 
HOY HAY FIESTA CON PUTAS EN MI CASA
im sorry for the starpos i was fixing the bug at 46 :)
Good level and decoration, But the gameplay is Super Annoyng :/
ultrasonic end
56.398eme stars
the design and deco are awesome but the gameplay is annoying...
GG CRISMON AJKOFVJSI0DJNMF KJOWCDSNJOCSVED
new jersey
WHY is there a stupid bug on 46%!!!
sloudy was here...
Interesting gameplay! ;^)
With the update
GG!
GG CRIMSON RECUERDAME CUANDO ESTES EN LA CIMA
New Jersey?
awesome lvl, epic gmp
GG 4218 STARS! #HeadingFor5000
5, 4, 3, 2, 1!
Cable kid song is not allowed now,  I hate newgrounds...
GG! :) 122 Attempts!
AYOOOOO WHATTTT
Congrats on your first CP man!! Heres to many more :D
Damn, Newgrounds really pulled the plug on Cable Kid :(
3rd coin collect 2 keys in 60% & 80%
Red dead redemption
Song Banned due to Unlicensed Samples (it was banned a few weeks ago)
Really great level man!
The song is banned because it sampled the Care Bear's Theme Song. Unlicensed Sample.
real great design :o
65k
gameplay is great also :>
if i see one more red dead redemption joke then i will literally rip out my esophagus
For 3rd coin: Jump over the jump pad at 56% tap both invisible pink orbs at 57%-58% for the key.
For 3rd coin: Don't tap the red orb at 78% for the heart at 86% & jump over the red jump pad at 97%
YES
GG! Fun level. Problems I have with the level is bad optimization and an oversuage of glow. :)
Top 6 nice, amazing level and really fun coins! :)
Some pretty neat parts, I wish you had kept the color scheming in the first half, but pretty solid collab overall
GG! Bad gameplay
The gameplay really isn't great.
the GAMEPLAY is bad,
that last ship gameplay is not fun
maybe shoulda taken your time and made decent gameplay :|
Terrible gameplay and transitions
Clearly not playtested
bad
work on your gameplay for the next time :)
The ending ship with randomly getting bumped up is kinda annoying....
sheeeeeezh
this is like 8 star
Fun but the transition at 46% is dumb
quite interesting for something that was created in only three days
Nice level
ending ship bugged gameplay.
gg! 52 attempts. :)
Tiene  buenas canciones Koraii
It is hard to side-read :/
big chunjas
Lacks glow and designs are a bit messy, but honestly i can see this being featured! Not bad
Although the second half seems a bit rushed, it's still a pretty good level! Thx for the dedication!
first cp enjoy your new ufo man!
GG! 31.000 Stars :)
13.000 Stars! :D
Super fun!
9 stars
gg
wow,its so cool :D
I hate you just for the "group 69" joke
nice
Good lvl
group 69
Fun
189 global Owo
Pretty cool level, I loved the effects. Gameplay however, was buggy. Deco is a bit too basic. 8.1/10
Nice! I love it.
GGGGGGGG
:u
a few weak parts kinda hurt a really solid modern level otherwise - still very much a decent effort.
:'3
Ese soy yo / It's that me :)
i think creators with 15+ CP should take notes on this. you dont need insane timings to get an 8*
Gg ft
nivel bonito, enviao por ft
nya ichi ni san
gg
the quality contrast between some parts is rather unfortunate
kal
Ok it's rated, now i'm leaving and go to discord.
gg. transtion was too hard to see
Would be better if the gameplay was more clear
^-^
fsh
great job to everyone!
Nice 
best recent level I have ever seen!  Great Job!
GG RATE!!!
GG GOD LEVEL =)
is this gonna be featured? Predict it ->
this is my greatest achievement
gg, but 91% of the level is auto
COINS : 1ra 37% 2da 63% 3ra 98% GG
stop babying the player
Thanks Robtop. <3
Pass = 943876. Like this comment
Sabroso
Thanks for very easy coins!
Lol...
Nice level :D
70k Downloads! :D
Today its my bday, Can i get likes? :3 btw beatiful level, Amazing work! :D
Nice style :)
GG!
sluss more like SU-
OMG so epic
just 2 rates? :(
gg
thought it was auto-
Definitely Manix-ed this one
did you manix-ed this level?
what the..
Manix-ed
the female parental figure level
mom
World's first comment not saying Manix
There used to a level called The Dad Level but then it left...
extreme demon. my mom is evil. she hates me for wearing hijab. like to support me
I dont have family but its ok.
2 levels called the mom level got featured, i only got 1 thing for this. . . .     :)
I crazen'd the sister level... wait
piola
I Manixed The Mom Level
sigh
you know we straight with manix-ing the mom level
The Mother Level
GG! not bad.
GG BUEN NIVEL =)
You Manix-ed RobTop??
Can you manix this level guys?
manixed for 6 stars
mooooooom, phineas and ferb are making a title sequence!
robtop should manix this 7 stars
Robtop is my mom.
Stop using " your mom " My mother is sick And your mother is fat
I feel like 6* would be a better rating for this one
@robtop can u be my dad
Who came here from Dad Level???
My Mom Cant Beat This Level Lol
really cool design!
damn i really manixed that level huh
the title of the song feat perfectly with the level name
a lot of moms levels
that jump doesnt work that well
Notice how there is no Dad Level because he left to get the milk
this level is the taco flavored doritos
Dad level 7* takes me 2 attempts Mom Level 5* takes me 12 attempts..........UM
robtop
the level is great but title.. why
GG! 100k stars =)
Me la...
should be rated
en mexico el nombre se mal interpreta, por cierto me la
wow my eyes are dancing
pelan means Slow in Malaysia Also :D
pelame esta
pelan means Slow in indonesia :D
comes
Ami nadie me Pela :(
amazing bro !
Me pelan la naranja? xDDD
Very cool level,especially music,thank you for this creation
WHAT IS THE PASS. PLZ, I LOVE THE LEVEL PLZ
Esta
such a chill 1 att
me la
Pretty nice level :D
hay no, vivo en mexico y mal pense el nombre y por cierto me la...
almost my name XD
BANGER
this seems like the kind of level that would go in a map pack
broys
ot those calling the gameplay bad, you could maybe memorize it first 8) It's fun when you learn it
broys
Pass is 127845, love this .3
broys
broys
broys
my brain hurts tooooo cunfusing
moral of the story: never trust jump pads
we should rerate this insane demon, kthx 8)
broys
broys
ano park
pain
hopefully the memory is bearable... 8)
one of the best memory levels ive ever played
Update: Fixed an unintended skip in 1 of the parts 8)
GG! 571 attempts :)
If I get a high number of requests for a LDM, I'll do one :)
we should do more first cp rates
yoooo my first subscriber got a feature? sick level!!!
OMG
THANK YOU ROBTOP AND THE MODS WHO SENT IT HOLY
UPDATE: Added low detail mode, I hope everyone has a better experience playing this level :)
some nice effects but everything feels quite random without any progression
CoNfUsInG
best 5 star level idc what you say
I came from your videos, and I really like how you make gameplay. Also congrats for the cp :)
yeah I'm really sorry for the duals, I know a lot of people don't like them :(
YES LETS FRICKING GO DUDE GGGGGGGGGGGGGG
gg 59k stars :)
GG on first cp :)
Featured?
RATESSS
amgus drip?
Cool epic
geometry drip
this is...................amazing
Pretty
somewhat clean and fun, but it's pretty boring all together. sent for rate!
this is not what I meant by orange rob
GG with coin. For coin: Go up at 35% as the ball before the icon portal.
I love this modern design. It’s clean and the transitions are really good. The styles switch up very nicely. Feature if mod.☆
secret way!??? where
robtop pls rate this today 8)
1320 att GG!
really clean, relaxing (=
hi im stargrinder
Reminds me of hollowearth :)
VERY  GOOD LEVEL!
Jax is here once again!
YOOOOOO
very empty and bland, I know you can do better
lets go 10 CP!
GG 4000 stars
yeah rate orange by WOD!
ggs
10 attemps + 1 coins
THAT'S WHAT YOU GEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEET | Gonna gonna GO, Gonna gonna gonna GO
you is happy now
thank you
garlagan really put a lot of effort into those lyrics
the level is for me but i cant copy it for free, smh my head
its for me, this level is made for me
level for me? thank you <3
thanks fofii
NOOOOOOOOOOO
awesome lvl awesome song im hapy
sick lvl :)
gg :))
fun fact: evryone reads fun facts
GG :)
nice 6 att
You
Nice
The vibe of this level is so unique. Awesome!
what is this end?
1000 stars :3
POV: when you try to turn on discord light mode:
is so hard to see like if you ageree with me
I wish rob would rate more levels so yall can move on
I dont get how you guys ignore criticism and then get suprised that everyone is complaining
Did not expect this to get rated, why cant you guys leave me alone?
wow everyones doing it now lol
thanks for the dedication! :D
i dont understand the hate honestly, you wanted him to have a rated solo and here it is
orale qlero es nivel del geometry no examen de la vista xD
:D
good design but the gameplay is awful
i wish i knew how to build like this
Rename to = Oh my eyes
I CANT F***ING SEE
rip eye and eye 2011-2021
fun fact:evryone reads fun facts
Unlike people like Wintter, im actually trying to give advice on how to improve and u guys are-
Are you a Wintter wannabe?
me when people get debated over a square game
I think the level is fine it is just unoriginal
fun fact: I read your fun fact :D
Pretty cool :)
fun fact: everyone reads fun facts
Looks awesome! :) Pretty fun too, although the last parts are giving me some trouble lol
This level made me more angry than any demon ever would
Nice
its fixed, if there are any more or any bugs, MESSAGE ME ABOUT IT BEFORE YOU COMMENT.
i just fixed it
AMAZING!
ayy nice
Really good :)
so good
cool
nuh nuh nuh nice
epic, some transitions are a bit buggy though.
extremely buggy, playtest next time please
27.5k - fun
please fix the 86%'s transition. :/
God Level Bro :D
fun fact: facts are fun
this is insanely fun. love it all !
Luster means the shine or glow of something, so it is a fitting name for my first glow level :)
love this
The song got removed on NG, noooo
didn't die at the difficulty spike let's go
really fun
song is called anymore, and it says song is not allowed for use... song is not allowed for use ANYM
so good
                                                            yes
bloodluster
the song is not usable ANYMORE (get the pun?) ; )
the song was literally removed from existence, i cant find it anywhere :(
Why Newgrounds? Cant you just let us enjoy a good song JUST ONCE?
                                          RateD
Fun :)
Good gameplay.
God Level Bro :D
I Really like this fun gameplay :D
Great Decoration! :O
love this sm
gg im a rated level
MY GUY THIS IS FIRE
hey cool they made a level off my favorite pokemon
I was so excited to see what you did after Digithreat and you did NOT disappoint, this is incredibly fun.
Nice to see another level from you man, you have a great oldschool style! GG! :)
my new favorite demon! i died around the end several times, but that didnt stop me from having fun!!
GG! 278 attempts :)
pokemon?
this is insane demon because of the timing
369 attempts. 35% ship is stupid + bs off-screen orb timings. last cube is also extremely unbalanced
Arcanine, FLAMETHROWER
kardes one of the best creaators right now.
GG! :)
Insane demon :( ugh
gg
GG! :) 503 Attempts! The part with the timings on the orbs is just cool! Fluked 37-100%! Fun level!
the legendary pokemon
Lovely level gg :)
these timings are brutal :(
this level absolutely ruins green orbs. i can't...
Whoever disliked my comment. Meet me outside
Im trying to not eat candy why you do this braybray
sweet level
Y O U   F O R G O T   T H E   S K I T T L E S
Kick!
mfs took my quarter and didnt give me no gumball yo
Really fun and cool looking level. A 3 stars masterpiece.
Like if you eat all of these candies
oh i didnt expect to see my name on the endscreen lol hi
i was scared of the tripple...
im beating the level before it gets rated B)
How much did they pay you to make this?
this level is literally sweet :3
twizzlers is the nastiest cany of all time imo
why is geometry dash an advertising platform now
#TotallyNotSponsored
can i meet you rob
like if one of your fav candys was in this level
Nice concept, logos also look very nice and clean! :)
Veryy NICE!!
and Knuckles  :U
oh my god this gameplay is absolute garbage
this gameplay is like bananas in a can but then you light it on fire and hit it with a truck
the fact that this was rated, let alone featured, is quite puzzling to me. gg on first cp though. :)
This is amazing, the gp has some bugs there and there but it still decent AF :0
me when a level is rated 9*: oh look a medium demon
gameplay should always be made by 1 person otherwise you get this mess
GG! :) 72 Attempts!
oh shoot your level has finally been rated congrats man hope you remember me
best level ;)
the omo joke that went too far
can i find a 9 star lvl with READABLE gameplay, FOR THE LOVE OF GOD PLEASE
gg no primeiro creator point ae
burger king
Beat with Klaux icons lol
weird ganeplay
I like th spectral colors
Wait this got featured?!
thx Klaux :D
GG FEATURE 
Muchas gracias kai <3
tysm robtop.. you're the best <3
really nice! i really like the bg at around 50%, neat colors as well
really relaxing
de nada al3x! ^^ <3
rates
Beautifull!!!! I wish i could get my lost data back :(
Chill -.-
gg 1 att
sad
sad and nice
nice:)
gg <3
Buena Ikaira.
900 likes!
i love how chill and peaceful this is:) takes me back to the old dreams i used to had as a kid.
27k stars :)
sad music ;-;
very unique, why no epic?
whats decoration and what kills you?? you never know!! 
Discord light theme V2 xd
Thank you for that LDM
I thought i was died...
the ldm in this level makes it literally 10x easier
i cant see
MY EYES
TRUE
now i'm blind
MY EYES
the ending was surprising
fun fact: this level is called okwhy because its asking okwhy the actual hell is this only 4 stars
my eyes hurt
bro u almost gave me a heart attack but GG 1 att
ok why
ez
thank for 600 stars
alucinant :0
Racit
Ok I loved that ending
drunk people playing this must be in another fcking dimension
first part is a tiny bit rushed. the rest i really put a ton of effort in. thanks for playing :)
Can you all stop complaining about the copy paste? it's called sticking to a theme. It's supposed to be like this.
but...... the featured?
I dont normally rate beg but whats worse than ratebeggers is the people who complain about it
calling it daily
Ratebegging is not cool. Hating ratebeggers isnt better though.
yes yes yes
fun, but 8* imo, that wave part at    dunno what percent  is literally demon
What to do...
fun
Gucci!
God Level Bro :D
nice
finnaly
gg :)
gg
Good level and decoration
no no no no no i dont wanna go to brazil
GG, 31 attempts even though I got 90% on attempt 1 xd
HWHWHHWH
terraria!!
transitions
Nice
Fun fact: Every time you replay this level, there's a 1% chance of the demon spawning with a Guide!
When Boey meets Georl
outstanding! just make sure you put more in the bd and dont copy and paste too many things. gj! :)
me gusta el 60%
why helleo georls it is i Gru. ._.
 T    E    R   R   A   R    I   A  
i,m always dying at 84%
1st death 90+%
When you played terraria hour ago
Passe.
TERRARIA DEMON?
Spider Is most Hardest For me
ba
gg
sub to wulz
Cool
ok
sick! some arts are not so well made but the rest is on point
Some backgrounds look kinda lazily done, like 35%-44%, but ey, it's pretty fun to play :)
can u make an option to remoove the death affect
Amazing level!!! Hopefully will get more attention :>
Solid XL
Pretty fun, some designs may be quite wonky but other than that is cool
BooB
did anyone notice that in the level you are slowly rising up your way to the heaven? amazing level.
Mad Moob Is following you... >8(
nice!
maybe trie to put the size portal more visible for the gameplay to be more previsible.
Fantastic level, ship gameplay is pretty difficult tho, GG 650 att on 60 Hz!
stop calling me a moob ik your saying noob ima dislike cus of that
GG! :) 112 Attempts!
I love the song, beautiful deco, and good gameplay!
boob lol
why are the xl ones always rated so poorly, should be a medium in my opinon
VERY HOT
Stop calling me a Moob :(
love the deco but the gameplay is so buggy
18 Downloads, 6 likes and a feature? H O W
Like if youre from the future when this level is super popular
18 downloads. 6 likes. robtop must really like this level
this entire level is just "oh shit I'm gonna die, oh wait nevermind"
like this comment if you know what kegelapan is
gd in 2050:
KOK GELAP 
downloads and likes bug, probably. There is no way only 18 people download this level.
kecerahannya kapan?
Kegelapan mean Darkness
gelap gelapan :>
wtf si hace de rapido fueras con la 2.2
Finally something good on the recent tab! GG
GELEP AMAT TOD
6 likes and it is featured
GD Servers 5 Am Be Like:
WHEN THE TOP COMMENT HAS MORE LIKES THAN THE LEVEL XD
Like dios ignora diablo.
GG INDONESIA MERDEKA!!!!!
casually 18 downloads and featured
i have a great joke for this one so like basically you become big and
*inflates you making you big and round*
did you guys know that furries have attempted to crash the economy? just search "furry inflation"
ears so big lookin like satellites they gonna broadcast the simpsons to my TV better watch it
nvm this level sucks :(
why im hard
fwoomph!
the gp is awful
RISE ALL OF MY FELLOW FOXES OF THE WORLD
inflates you making you big and round
I'm glad i skipped dinner because otherwise it would be all over my desk
*infl
Fennec Ratio
I DON'T WANT TO TOUCH EVERY PLATFORM!
updated to add an LDM that removes the art, for those who wish to go against god's wishes
im sure jayuff would be  made round
@shedd Thoughts?
i literally cant beat the level because the foxes lag my game
screm.mp4
this is honestly a really impressive and faithful interpretation of a jayuff styled level, nice work
norm)
Rob has been rating so many exteme demons lately...
FIRST VICTOR GETS A FREE MEAL AT THE FAST  FOOD OF YOUR CHOICE
YES
Warning fortnite kids in comment section
recent extreme demons be like: QKDIWMIDBCOQN
Its harder to pronounce this level than it is to actually beat it
GG, worst extreme demon i swear
first victor i think :)
the blessing of the antarctican kid
welcome to another wpisode of "Vadi melts my eyes with his pulses"
<3
da
1% gang
AXYENNO
haha elipsey warning; I'm already blind
PRIVET VADI , YA DRUG BlastiKa:)
EUOUAE: the longest word with only vowels
sus
3% gang
featured
so lovely
GG! :) 6 Attempts!
Thank you all guys!! :D
dude... looking trough all ur levels... u may be my new favourite...
Like if you think i'm gay
CooL
Very good lvl i like too much the deco i give a 9 stars insane
epic
GG so beautiful! :D
ye
cool
Phil's-osophy.
gg
z
I VERY LOVE THIS LVL ;3 I HATE THE SUBJECT AT SCHOOL XD
gg
verygood
GG
password: 210502
G
Petition to rerate to extreme. this is not insane demon
thanks for letting me verify bro. epic level
Fluke from 57 LOL
Fluked from 19% :)
POV: I suck
why is this insane demon is not fair for 60hz players
how tf do people casually beat extremes?!
I just did it why is it insane demon now tf
YO
1: Extreme Demon for sure and 2: the balancing :puke:
Like this if you want this to be rated extreme. This is not insane Demon...
This is an extreme please change it back
who was here when this was extreme demon?
the balancers and playtesters of this level need to be jailed for their crimes
#ratextreme
wasnt this extreme?
It is extreme demon wtf.Why insane now?
anyone want to buy some corn?
bonercake
wtf is that ending
Rebeat in 1 attempt XD
if this gets 10 likes i will buy 69 dream burgers
last ball is way too hard x)
ending sucks :(
U S E   J  B L O C K
lol
It's so annoying how the ball at the end is missing a block when the deco is 3 blocks long...
one of the funnest medium demons i have completed
not insane demon tf is wrong with people
GG! :)
gg
GG! :) 61 Attempts!
gg 49 attempts, awesome gameplay (=
Done!!
I mean this is very fun but the end is so annoying ;-;
i think this needs some balancing. the wave at the drop needs a bit of a nerf and this is good
that was insane demon now its a medium demon lol
Gameplay ranges from super fun to questionable at best, love the deco tho :)
A Tier
i mean i was already home but thanks
DONT LET ORPHANS READ THE TITLE
why does this level have ONE fake 
GG! Fun level, nice job. :)
This is quite too easy for a hard demon. I say medium.
But im an orphan..
Cozy
2% - 100% watafak
13 attempts. #1179
I love your works so much dude, really awesome atmosphere
Welcome to rustere's ball pit. Every 60 seconds, a child gets lost in the pit :D
Like it you have a pet turtle named Steven
is it just me or is this level not an easy demon lol
why the random fake orb at the very end
Tadaima
the gamplay is weird so i guess this will be my next hardest easy demon
GG! 3 attempts :)
Rust likes dash orbs way too much
This is really atmospheric. The ship gameplay is kinda wack though.
what're you doing in my home??
:)
cool beans
coin: look down at 56-57% :)
you stupid! no im not! whats 9+10?
No not 2 estrellas, this is extreme demon
he: rate 2 stars. robtop: three, take it or leave it
There is an orb on the coin you need to hit at 56%
obamaprizm L=5, H=10m what is the surface area btw W=4.2
twitter is horrible
this chat needs to be in a mental hospital
nice but rhere is no cube gameplay :(
yeah sex is cool but have you ever spawned next to a village in minecraft
like if you have balls
minimods are the people who shout "no running in the halls" at age 17
Very cool level, enjoyed each part of it :)
THIS IS THE MOST FREAKINLY AWESOMEESTESS LEVEL LIKE EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sex is not a game!
im weird
Really relaxing 9/10<3
ifunny is literally the only acceptable social media platform
this is so unbalanced, like someone else said. 6* at least
1st coin: look down at 35% where 'spam!' text is shown
28 download feature LMAO
1 coin = 35 % SPAM and 2 coins = 99% LIKE PLEASE
pass is 000014
Like For Cheese, Dislike For Pickles
Por que se buguea la arana? Ademas esta desbalanceado el gameplay ._. 
much harder than a 5*
bro rated at 9 likes and 27 downloads?
horrible and trash gameplay
GG, so many skippable stuff!
some of the timings are stupidly strict for a 5*
brah
bad
GG! ;)
spider bug sucks
lol justax and me justix =)
This should definitely be 6 or 7 stars
buggy & very hard to read, but i really like the designs
Modrn
Rip sync
this gameplay is atrocious
if i put stereo madness over bloodbath music it would sync better than this
please don't sacrifice gameplay for looks, this plays SO badly. :l
pronhub -> FunkyPercy
jump pads in portals... WHY?
Nice collab! Just work more in the gameplay and the sync.
bruh invisble speed changes, plus bad gameplay
kfc-san?
@Swagdaddy You have been spamming your level 20 minutes, please stop
if i had any presence in this community i would be starting a gameplay revolution. this hurts.
What does the epic rating even mean anymore
BUT WHY PADS ON PORTALS
delete this level its so bad
how are you even capable to make such a bad gameplay as this how
9 likes and i will change my name to P3N1S
to get the first coin jump in the darkness from 21%-23% to get a key to trigger the coin :)
this daily is the worst 
I want to rip up the gameplay
how does one even do gp sync this bad
Pretty cool :)
coin 1: do 6 edge jumps in a row starting at 19
coin 2: hit the red triggers at 13 and 17. fall down at 28
coin 3: go up kinda early at 38, miss the 2nd pink orb. potion at 47, fall down at 61
Played it for the song, and stayed for the originality! This level is really well done :)
i love this song
Great and unique ideas
enserio tarde 376 intentos para las coins ._.?
159,000 Stars, GG! :)
is there an easier way to collect the third coin or do you just have to pray
Looks cool! Well done!
Pretty fun! Well done :)
14/01/2022 19,000 User coins completed (Video on YouTube and images on twitter) hard coins. =)
very nice level
@Gardevoirr, hmmm try look at the editor and you may understand
Chill level and very good message, i know a lot of people felt better at reading it. <3
like if you like a song------>
which one u rather, hard coin or fun coin?
this looks like a level rob top would make, you are talented bro
I was too busy reading the text
How do you create this as your first level? Its astounding!
Great level, love the design the flow and the song!
thank u everyone <3
best first level ive ever seen! like if you agree :)
tango by mango
Great level, the GP is good and very enjoyable and the design is very clean. GG
So smooth! I just wish you varied the backgrounds a bit more. c:
be honest who else died here?
for a first level, this is actually phenomenal. i literally have like 30+ unfinished levels lol
first FEATURE WORTHY level ive made all the other ones were scrapped
thanks for all the positive feedback!
Okay but likE A FEATURE!!!! LETS GOOOOOO!!!
I love this level, its so beautiful. Also, hi reddit
gg
69moment
im alive but im dead but im alive than im really dead U:
Awesome nice deco :D
gg 1 attempt
bro if the block and the bg has movement, this could be an epic rating dude, but Overall Nice work!
I KNOW I NEED TO GO RIGHT STOP WITHT EH ARROWS
the robot is so hard to read
Once Upon a Time (SUS!) (GONE WRONG!)
This is not 4* and is annoying as hell to read
for as cool as this looks, its too empty in some parts
those "What Is It" vibes tbh
vietnamese?
There's a level...   called once upon a time...       The End....    
this is cooooool
here he is
...2.2 never came out, the end
My first 4 star level, so it's pretty awesome. Thanks rob, i love you  <3
GG!
epic
gg 2att
Btw...      Nice level...   
omg 1000 like
i was scrolling thru the recent tab and found this
lets go poger
Cool but gets a little boring if you die far
bad gp
Hope you enjoy! I'm really proud of this :)
TYSM HOLY SH SKFHIFHRFJ9REOF ILY <3333
Hey you're finally awake...
WHATT WHAT WHATEHAT
I really wish it had more interesting visuals
the gp feels like it was thrown to the side, the deco is your best. Could still be a lot better tho
ITS RATED WOOO :DDDD
Michigun trolling me :( /\/\/\
:D thanks LG
like this for jesus ignore for satin
kek
Thank you so much Rob!!!
no way a new ausk level, feels like ages since the last one
                     hello                       chat
ironically blochyy uploaded a video of this and the notif killed me lmao
If George Floyd was white no one would give a shit
IM DAILY LEVEL NO WAY YOO FOFKFOFOFLLFLFL
people seem to think that if one white person is racist every white person is the same
really nice level! its nice to see new things from you again :)
wait 5TH PLACE WHAT
i see you with your dry lips over there ahahh don't try to lick em now i caught you
aghhh this is so amazing, I love the gp so much and the deco is so unique :o
Did you know that real numbers are innumerable but rational numbers are countable?
added an ldm and properly set the level to medium
s
NICE deco and Awesome gameplay !!!
its level is insane =/
gg landon!!
Landon Brarken
I love seeing new levels from you :)
im rotating irl
@waffl3x robtop changed it manually, since it was bugged as a tiny. he just missed it
76 attempts oof
love it sm
GG.
blyat`
gg 2 att
?
Bro I leave for like a month and I come back to this work of art- Do I just need to leave more lol
GG INCREDIBLE!
love you khelado <3
better daily than the last one at least =/
MATH - Mental Abuse Towards Humans
i miss gravity falls
bri ish be like
stop being honry become a contributor to the greater good of society
Seriously tho... who is liking my comments?
"edooox by khelado" by edooox
We all love khelado <3
[G]uy [I]n [R]eal [L]ife
if america is free then why do I have to pay for the popular mobile game called "Geometry Dash"
Whowver is liking my comments... H A V E  A  N I C E  D A Y
An absolute masterpiece as always :)
yooooo
its my 15th birthday can i get 15 likes? :)
me going to a grooming discord server cause damn i need a haircut
i will make a 1.9 auto for everyone i love including myself
what if robtop made a water bottle icon so then when you jump it looks like a bottle flip
(g)lub g(l)ub gl(u)b glu(b)  14 yr old fish: :,(
bruh dababy sheeeesh amogus trade offer when the imposter is sus we do a little trolling HOT SEX! 
if this gets daily I will do nothing
You know what? Stop putting random orb timing(s) everywhere...
Since 'if this gets daily i will do this' is becoming a trend, imma just do it too
3 Free Coins =)
Nothing Beats Dream Flower
thanks for free coins! <3
:trol:
look, im not an art professinal or anything but you coulve done a little bit more on the birds. :I
Spoiler alert:  All coins are free
What is the thing with the telescopes?
<33
i hate the green orbs
rated 2day featured 2morrow
i liked the effects and designs better in the original one but still not bad :)
ty the free coins :D btw very nice level
wait why is this actually really cool lol
Gameplay is a bit awkward but played alot of your levels so im used to it
the gameplay was really good!
Deco is nice, but gp is somewhat bad
annoying timings, dying far too easy
i love this, it has a nostalgic charm
ma kakva ljubav sad? lol
opa, dakle ima nas i ovde a?  ;)
like ako si sa balkana
gd relationships are cringe ngl
Like this if its better then Viprins levels
hvala ti za ovaj naziv i am from serbia guys
ja mislio da nasi ne igraju gd, al eto pogresio sam :)
ide gas
dobra vece narode moj, vracam se ovdje svakih par tjedana da vidim kakvo je stanje, vidim ima nas...
ee cestitam
da to smo mi iz balkana lol
hrvata puno lol
napokon featured balkanski level
Achievement Unlocked: Nevin!
choda19a
dobar dan balkanaci
ljubav za veliko sranje
Ljubav means love
Balkans are cool
Don't say the coin locations and expect top commet.  They are too obvious.
:D
like if you agree
free coins! :)
nivel relajado y muy hermoso ; very good :D
GG 3000 stars!
Good glow desing! i like it ;)
GG!!! Finally! MORE RAGE!!!!!
first coin by accident
okay that death was absurd
pass: 003636 ;)
why
i cant be the only one who died here
Wooooow!! So cool!! I want to build like you!!
gg 3 coins
1 att with coins
this is amazing, i love you
Aaaaahhhhhhh
I love the use of glow and the lazers are really cool, GG!
GG 20 att all Coins
ole
Absolutely loved playing this, GG :)
petition to rerate this Extreme. this is not insane demon!
wake up babe, OliSW level just dropped
Looks so fun to learn
terraria music hits different
like for extreme demon dislike for insane demon
YOOO CRABULON THEME
Pass: 555555, like? :)
Ulon Musk
Like si viste el directo de guitar. Eso fue muy rapido pero bueno :)
Ojala esto no baje a insane demon, seria un buen extreme demon para empezar
porfa,no lo bajen a insane como a leyak :(
culon
crabulon best boss
Finally. My first ever extreme demon. LETS GOOOO
is it just me or is this the most playable extreme demon that doesn't look like shit
#Ulon Is Extreme Demon
Another Extreme to Insane :(
fixed 60hz bug at 92%
debebe
Featured with less than 100 Likes? 
8000 Stars! :^)
Nice
35k stars! :D
lets go :DDD
shit
wtf hot
gg 1 attempt
GG
i can live with that
i like the mix of static objects and pulsing ones
gg
g r a i n s
fluked from 11
G
y,
im small
Dababy
gg
Good one!
Fun I like
Nicee, and thanks for dedication! :)
Very nice :)
Who is the subpar human being that botted this I wanna know I will fist-fight them.
this has nice gameplay tho, its not a bad level at all. & I appreciate the dedication :)
Pass: 130203
...
this level is dedicated to all the people saying that edooox's demons are insane 9
GG! 8 attempts :)
gg
its obv inspired by shocksidian but i see differences from him....in my opinion
The dislikes are just from noobs that cant even beat stereo madness...
59 attempts. #1166
I like the fact that people can also make good looking deco without using like a million objects
Why me?
sesso pazzo v2
So I tried to pause before the last ship to calm my self down. And guess what? I beat it lol
Fluke?
f por botitas20
daily chat sees this title then they start barking
welp it's my most liked lvl now
GG! 20,000 user coins! :D
i might update it
coin is at 21, you go down.
* insert pun relating to the level's name here*
je suis le maitre des biches
More like the final FPS
me on the last question on a test I know I definately failed on -
if you say so
sorry, i used ALL my braincells.
This needs to be rated ASAP
Just improve a little in the gameplay, otherwise that's pretty neat & nice deco    :D
GG
You did it you crazy son of a b*tch you did it
epic worthy :)
yesDHEUAHZJDII i amZHEH2UZB
thx for review
We need 2 braincells to beat this level. Oh no
gg :)
coin 1; miss the jump orbs at %25. coin 2; jump over the cube portal at 80% and jump at the end
I am Handsome
at the end means 90%
bellesa
59,000 stars! 22/06/2021 8)
hermoso <3
es hermoso jejej :>
g
i really like the last part
How this is not epic?! This is awesome and very fun! GOOD JOB! :D
GG!
gg 2 att
better than cozy cat :)
kinda unchic gameplay but good
the first part of the level is lacking contrast, its hard to see whats going on and where to go
wonderful i like it.
Where is the coin?
it must be featured
chic level
Masterpiece! :)
Deserves stars
:)
cool level, random stiles, send it....
New Republic of Jersey?
god bless you for using j blocks
Simple and awesome, God Job :)
Worthy featured!
soo sick
NRJ, HIT MUSIC ONLY!
92 is the worst
good job me
Cool level! I like it! :)
bad transition
relaxing
I love how the J block at 7% didnt even work for me :D
:P Great!
gg good level
GG One of my new favorite songs in gd :D
hmmm..
I really beat it in 1 attempt not a joke i got lucky
why do I not get a coin for beating ghost mode
coin is at 20% (into the lower flatform)
The part at 73% could have more pulses, overall the level is cool! Good job :)
we do a little trolling 
nice one :)
Like if you died at 3%
who else beat the level with ghost mode?
i beat in invisible and didn't get coin, useless i'm feeling bad
 Congrants
interesting
gg 7 attempts 1 coin
Cool =0
lmfao
cool level, knots.
f*ck
777 likes lol
level: coin here. me: okay lets go.
idk :)
i beat in the ghost mode and i got no coin :(
no puede ser que alla caido con un Troliaoput0
WHEN will covid end :(
90k stars!
when the impostor is sus (shocked emoji) 
GG! :) 15 Attempts!
how did you makie this in 10 hours what
Now
when did I ask
The last 30 or so % feels really out of place. I like everything else though. Rate/Feature worthy?
No me gusto. En la parte del ufo, las sierras estan muy mal puestas, haciendo el gp una mrd
DUCK BOSSFIGHT
slope bug mm
11.7K stars 8)!! Gg road to 12K stars :D!
gg 4 att lmao the duck bossfight wtf xD
but
Are you serious. Are you f._.cking serious. How does this even happen?
gg
when i when when
nice  boss!  :')
Me when the
head just bitting doorless chambers
the gameplay is very ok but the rest is fire
the color mentioned at the beginning is still wrong, please fix
level: blue  name: orange  hotel: trivago
Anyways guys this is the 4.000th demon rated in the game :)
even tho the design it's pretty nice, sadly this gameplay is the opposite of enjoyment.
GG 8 attempts! 20k stars 100 demons!
i hate that triple at the end i died there 3 times i am so sad
pass?
THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!!!!!!
gg fluke from 98
This is alright this is fun I am totally not upset that i died here :)
sorry mbed, it used to not be there but when michigun passed i wanted to do something so i did that
Pack your bags, youre leaving the 6 cp gang ;A;
your name is orange and you made a blue level, looks nice
please rate medium demon so it can stay that way. i want it to have its fair rating
only ogs remember legend by orange36
If you hold at the very start, you can activate orange mode. nice lvl btw
THIRD UPDATE: Added an option to toggle off portals (only portals) AND nerfed the dual!
!Sent
pass is 210409 like?
Thanks Wapon for the opportunity! :D
Finally :^)
First victor! gg:)
2 years...
I need ULDM version :(
remember ocular miracle? this is that, but, not ocular miracle
lIkE iF yOu aRe hErE bEfOrE fEaTuReD
#RateInfiniteIniquity #RateDelebitOblivio #RateQuicksand #RateAkashicRecords
LETS GO
hands down the best level i have ever played in this game GG!
I dont think this will get rated just like ocular miracle but i want this get rated tho :(
@wapon77,pls ULDM pls.  :(
that feels so GOOD dude lets GOOOOOOOOO #RATEADRENALINE
This is better than Ocular Miracle
#RateAkashicRecords
GG ADRENALINE 2ND VICTOR VIDEO ON MY CHANNEL TOMORROW, ~3K ATTS
my favourite extreme demon rn. <3
reason it is not epic is probably cause half the people that try to play this have their game crash
Best. Level. In. The. Game. Super glad I could beat this absolute MASTERPIECE of a level. GG
GG
AFTER 5 MONTHS OMGGGG TYSM ROB <333
Probably gets rated soon :DD
RATE NEEDS A RATE
AYOO WULZY SEND POGGERS
Some say the word is still going.
im late but congrats on the rate
insanely good decorations definetily feature worthy!
GG! :) 21 Attempts!
Amazing! :D
Fancy!
omg i was watching wulzys vid and this lvl got sent grats fenkoo
gg, the name really dont lie B)))
like if you came from wulzy
see ya on the featured tab :)
fenkoo you are awesome
Niec!
I'm vibing so hard rn
groooooooovy m8
definatly star worthy, thats for sure
cant wait for this to be the daily (hopefully, also love u fenk)
Kto ot GDNews?
seccret way 4%
KTO OT GD SNUS
Secret way. GG! :)
GG! :) 20 Attempts! 2800 Demons!
kto posle GD NEWS, like 
Im so lazy right now to try to fix this, enjoy the free stars I guess
Fixed, enjoy the free stars to whoever got them
awesome
BLYAT POFIKSILI SECRET WAY
THANKS TO GD NEWS
Finally another level, good way to say goodbay to this year, inspired in Hub, pass in my yt channel!
sekret vei pofiksili pidorasy vy suki
Blyat rebyata secret-way pofiksili
Pass: 912857
Thank you GD news
pidoras pofiksil secret wey! ueban sranii ya tvou mamku ebal suka
DONUT
avtor pidor fiks(((
well lets see if I can fix it before it got unrated
The use of GD assets rather than custom ones makes this feel rlly sweet
lol, 5 months after christmas
Cool
Nice!! >w<
Feliz Navidad <3
Epic
Finally 
Great level >3
Precioso 7u7 
i thought it was gonna be another first cp rate lol
Awesome<3
finally, more
bien
.
Rob are you having a good time?
:)
rob it's about to be june.
Noice & neat Christmas themed lvl! Very noice indeed... I'm awstruck... Absolutely lovin' it! GG. <3
GG 16.000 stars
Omg I didn't expect this xd Thanks rob! And merry christmas uwu
coin 1: 10%, barely visible. coin 2; player name at 63%. coin 3 is free
Its kind of disconnect between the parts and I wish there was more to it but its not bad
please make an option to turn custom obj off
Nice level <3
this feels like early 2.1 modern
cool
wujuu
hacia tiempo que no subias nada man
GG!
This is nice
some weird looking parts but the gameplay is nice thou 
nice level
coins: 10, 62, end
111 xd
GG! :)
Nice work! :D
26.7 - yaya
a bit hard to differentiate the portals
en fin la hipotenusa...
4n
Thanks for letting me verify! (big yes level tbh)
crispydash
lmao First Victor.
very nice
Love this, hope it's featured soon
LETS GOOOO
CTaB JIauk EcJlu Tbl Pycckue
I managed to get this rated by harrasing viprin on twitter. :FeelsGoodMan:
this must be rated  viruz level is finally here after 2 years  omg robtop is so stupid
honestly my new favourite extreme in the game, I love everything about it :D
That's a good level despite the black flashes at 17%
Amazing!!! Btw password is 111000 xD
NEW VIRUZ LEVEL NO WAYYYY
What starts with D and ends with K and is as hard as this level? A desk. It's a desk
Most unpopular extreme demon
GG to benedikt! :D
dark flare
HUH???
A new Viruz level? Thats something I havent seen in a long time.
P I Z D A
First send of 2021!
Level named Double Trouble doesnt reference team rocket anywhere, 0/10 :triumph:
maledetto
Prepare for trouble, and make it double!
Nice collab, sent!
AYYYY
GG fun level :)
bro are saying that my parts are bad? :(
I like the mosaic idea that this had!
Prepare for Trouble, And make it Double
This has lots of really cool parts but overall it feels rather random, still sent though! :)
54 attempts. #1168
double trouble but 10 seconds of dual gameplay
RoyalRaven by Megacollab
GG! :)
noice
From all numbers in Earth,why this?
"prepare for trouble and make it double"
You have got to be kidding me...
cool
Ahora si :)
nada mal
Cute art :3 Sent!
Your style is REALLY GOOD. Sent!! :D
Not bad! :)
Nice endscreen arts ! ^^)/
Cool level, not a fan of the last part but the rest of the level is awesome! :)
Really thank you very much for the support <3
idk why this level bugs me so much. it just feels like a unzor rip off. not a bad level tho
Oh, I remember when you told me you were making a level inspired on my level "Sunlight". Good work!
We're in a time where people are too lazy to make their own sh!t☆
really nice :)
Amazing simple art level :)
featured
nice!
He inspired a little bit too much. Also one problem is that I wasnt been credited. Maybe only star 
f por que le quitaron el featured si si lo merece ?
Every time you are polishing your talent more! Congratulations bro! I love it <3
nada mal eh
Momentos imprevistos, aun asi me encanta el nivel lmao.
buggy and broken, imagine not playtesting your levels
This was made in one week. Also, happy new year! :3
Good deco, but the gameplay is pretty annoying
Tio Robertao do Churrasco da rate nisso pora :v
This level is so inspirational! Insane level, ready to get epic, Thanks for Dedication! ;3;
Super cool designs, effects, and backgrounds. Great work! :)
i'll see you tomorrow, the day this level will have an featured
Purr-tiful OwU
A slope at around 85% is bugged on 144hz - it knocks you down to the floor where spikes kill you :/
o darko e meu amigo e eu conheci esse nivel por ele
That's Epic
excelent uwu
yay finally <3
bug at 86% on 120hz
Idk how to get past 1
g,84 in the top
gg
GG! Gameplay ruined by the decoration and moving objects
GG! 99k stars
Bug in 144hz at 86%
accurate star rating
:)
gg luq!! :)
Let me do the unoriginal joke : Tomorrow : Kinetic Bypass 100% by Sminx (Extreme Demon) | Sunix
cobrablitz when a level with the word bypass in the name gets rated
can this please get rated
Pass: 301001
bro this level is freaking garbage
gmd gg
ggg
=)
OMG... 5,258atts, fluke from 74%x2... my third extended list extreme and first Korean victor... GG..
pro
this level is pure shit
its so fun when people noclip you can make fun of them
RobTop get over here!
#816 - 3,563 attempts, first victor! :D
GG luqualizer
playing this level was the worst mistake i ever made
feces
certified hood classic
how did this get rated off a singular send 4 years later
Seriously, nerf the orb spam in the dual ball, it's terrible
E Tier
WHA
gp is kinda wack
For 1st coin: Tap the invisible green orb at the yellow portal at 7%.
you really need to polish the gameplay, is so unbalanced
i know that the level is old but the gameplay in some points could be better 
gg, 28.3k user coins
For 2nd coin: Go above the top platform at 33%. For 3rd coin: Jump at the edge at 77%
Sick gameplay
26.2k - this is the most mid-2.0-y level i've played in a while.
horrible gameplay. like if you agree
guys say Funk but replace the n with a c and its bad oh noo my mom is gonna kill me
i had to beat this on 75hz because of a bug ( second coin ) 
gami g
the 2.0 update and its consequences have greatly effected the GD community
Dimaa
3 coins!
sry ;-;
This wont get rated guys, sorry but robtop cares about more important things
BROOO WHAT
no problem cyclic, its fine ;)
Neat, glad it got rerated
Demon
Rate demon again! Possible! Merg and lots of others even did it
A classic
Get your tide pods today at : www.pornhub.com
Rob, the trolltop! Can he troll him? Rob, the trolltop! Yes, he can!
Pass is 232323 ;3;
name perfectly describes 90% of teammates in battle royale games
GG! :)
AAAA tm
fun
WHY ROBTOP?!!?!! D:< Why would you unrate something FOR NO FREAKING REASON!?!?!?!?
rerate when
rip cyclic
y not rated robtob???
>:V
It's a shame that this level was demon and now not
good and hard
LETS GOOOOOO
i swear if this gets map packed...
amazing the details are really good
finally rerated woo
SO WHEN DID THIS GET HARDER??! !!? this was demon!!!
Fun fact - This level inspired Cataclysm
i love your yotube chanel
extremely difficult
demon :/
love it
rerate lets gooo
IT IS POSSIBLE!
it's lit!
wowie
rob became so based lately
its is bbbboooooossssssss:)
demon
good work!
wow i sightread this so fast somehow!!  its almost like i already beat it
why are you announce your level on a h*ntai server?
They didnt steal or copy anyone elses levels, they used a free layout, leave them alone.
es el mismo nivel xD
WHY 3 LEVELS HAVE ONE LAYOUT???
Surprised no-one has tried super-buffing the layout
what a unique layout
BASTA DEL MISMO GAMEPLAY AAAAAA
a familiar forest, Mask and this level have 1 layout whyyy rooobb??
IS HE GONNA DO A STOOTSTATE LEVEL EVERY DAY
surprised even creators with a bunch of cp use premade layouts lol
Fun Gameplay! :)
crashyy this is not one attemptable
softlargeist by jax
Reddy..!
Copied layout?
hi
STSOOTATE MOMENT
GG! 13,1K Stars \(^3^)/ Wait what?
si van a copiarse el layout minimamente hagan algo bueno
Reuploaded. Gameplay balanced and improve some parts
gg 31 att there are too many parts with bad gp where we don't know where to go '-'
this could literally be an easy demon
harder than clubstep
 doog si
replace the word "pride" in the song with "gameplay" lol
You'd expect better gameplay from a moderator, to be honest. Hard to read, and invis speed changes
Awesome but SUPER laggy :/
tnemmoc tresnI
Buen nivel! Pero tiene algunos errores. Top 11!
love this
My old part 8')
Robtob Where You At Bru?
Not a great gp but i love the level, my fav level :D
awesome designs!
terrible gameplay ._.
MALA IDEA JUGAR ESTO SIN JUGARLO EN PRACTICA LO ESTUVE JUGANDO COMO POR 15 MINUTOS ALV
This gameplay is at an all time low
how did i get this far on 1 attempt lol
i thought that said ligma
not bad. I wish this was longer and a bit less repetitive, but some of the art is nice
Don't touch. Guess what half of the people who played this level did?
best recent level in the world
Have some cotton candy! :D
first cp!
not bad at all :)
imagine buying levels from FIVERR lol
don't mind me, just grinding stars
easy secret way
da fock
i didnt know amazon prime delivered in the sky
GG handsome
this is awsome in my opinion bit empty at the start but this should be epic tbh 
Cool Lvl :)
cool,epic
GG No Secret way Fun level :D
Such a vibe <3
Secret way Thanks @FramedPower
man these are the type of levels that make me want to keep playing gd.
I love this level!
the title is talking about my dad watching football games in the living room
This is sick!
2.2k attempts, really fun level. GG!
Thanks for giving me the opportunity to verify this amazing level :3
pass is: 123987
i cant withstand it
nice level /extreme demon/
gg
Least liked extreme? Maybe because it was just uploaded?
holding orbs                            holding orbs
FINALLY
gg
idk what yall are taking about the gp is good!!
Mom, get the camera!
all my homies hate straightfly (good level)
the gameplay sucks and it thematically makes no sense the entire way through
sick bro
el volumen corrupto☆
this needs the popularity it deserves, like this level now!
extreme demon
only need 5 likes to get top comment...
pass 654321,my likes?
sexo
Coin 1= 8%. Coin 2=88%. Now Where Are My Likes?
TITAN CHANEL?
so many 5 stars in a row XD
Buena tematica :)
alright i got this
The use of glow are so dope, i like it so much!!! :D
...nice.
Wow
Dedicate to ElTitan343
copy paste pero esta bonito xD
AWESOME level! Hope it gets daily!!
nice:-)
Eren Titan
Good Sync
Why do I keep on on beating 5 stars every day?
nice
chennel? nu tipa
you only need 1 like for top comment lol
these coins are freer then a public restroom
really necessary that triple spike?
2.2 when?
free koins
why
bug fix 
password is 804569
Go back to 2.1
that's a 5 stars
bro
GG 3 attempt Mobile (all coins) :D
this is not deco
Bug D:
So beautiful. c:
300 coins ;)
gg 1 attempt :D
cool
Is beautiful level uwu
hard not harder
Did you... remove Skitten's arts from this? I remember this.
Re-uploaded with different little details :)
Cool level, the last part is a bit empty but its feature worthy, good job dude <3
that art wasn't even traced it was generated lol
Cool! :)
ROBTOP!!! 2.2 WHEN????
Cool. However i feel like there is some missed potential in the last part :D
spider bug.  dang
gg uu
gg 3 coins but extremely laggy on mobile :)
Good Level :D
@SyrupSquid Bro The Art In This Level Is Sick :)
gg 5 att
Nice
EPIC LEVEL!!
all coins!
GG
how
great level 
cool, but the style used at the end doesnt really fit
Yo, lets cuddle nick <3
I started this 6 months ago, but got super unmotivated very fast. I wanted to finish it anyway. :)
hello jellyfish
Crazy good!
2nd coin: go above blue gravity portal as ship in the little corridor above it, coin route end at 63
1st coin: fall down at 5% and hold, then hold up at start of mini ship and take top path
Thanks Rob! :)
pass 133769 wow thats so excruciatingly funny
funny number
bro I love your creativity
I love this theme
I really like this!
the third coin just mocks you at the end.
like this comment if you died to a bomb
this should get rated
can you make the ship in ship parts a bit brighter?
gg cool level
So this is one of those you-shall-not-get-the-coins levels?
HAHAHAHAAH funny number
GG
this level is pretty decent, you should work on making the parts more polychromatic
stop assigning move triggers to jump pads, it causes bugs
Featured :D! Wanna know something funny? I found this by typing in an ID wrong lol
No flippin' way
Very cool designs! I think it could benefit from a secondary color and some more deco in some parts
not bad, i like it even tho i see a lot c+p and some parts are a bit empty so try to improve on that
Pass Is 010453 Now Gimme my Likes
This level is feature worthy,but from 30% - 42% is way to empty
CONGRATS ON CP! Clean design with readable gameplay, cant wait to see more from you in the future!
Rated
gg amazing level!
Soy El amigo de este seoron Con featured felicidades Brou
Goood level
Great level. Although the cube at the end can obstruct my vision.
easy level sync done right.
GG 1 coin! Might get daily :D
Congrats on the feature bro! ;)
minecraft realms
Bellisimo :P
gg!! 2 coins
This spider part is really buggy
do you like how i walk, do you like how i talk, do you like how my face desintegrates into chalk
deco covers up too much gp but still really fun
1 like = 1 yellow thumb
Sick level, thanks for the dedication =))
too many damn pillars blocking my view, other than that decent level
BUGS AND MORE BUGS
koto overdrive more like hamon overdrive
12000 stars gg
Fun Gameplay
GG 20,000 stars!
cool deco :O
i forgot it was harder and thought i was about to one attempt a demon
gg completed in 233 attempts without practice
I want to have top comment!!!
This is insane. I'm in love with the neon part! Really cool level. Epic job!
12 times in a row   :)
This should be in the China Gauntlet that Rob is making
when japanese text is in a china level :O
well f*ck
made in completely 4 days lol
cutee
i looove the corgi art
Would be a 10/10 but theres a rickroll so 0/10. im joking this level is amazing
hi
wait to click 1st green orb 4 coin (im too lazy to get it, so u can hav it)
Never gonna give you up never gonna let you down never gonna desert you
that coin is hella hard (first coin)
very clever coin, love it!
nose por q me gusta mucho el nibel bonito el perro que baila xdddd
ahora si ggg lo mas complicado fue tomar la coin y de ay ir debajo :)
Cute! :3
gg
Wish there was more sync and cohesion with the gameplay, otherwise neat :)
Amazing pixel art :)
gg 22.4k stars
me when rickroled lol
1 att GG :3
Amazing art :D
i love the level but why would you rickroll me :(
vexes modern
babe wake up. new vexes level
the random glow part was meant to be a collab part but i just used it for this level cus why not lol
ill keep trying to improve and try new stuff now!
interesting take on modern
bruh that ONE spike hates me
Orbs dont line up that well with jumps
Enkel? From german translated grandson xD
I love how sightreadable your gameplay is! Very interesting take on modernistic design too :)
10k plays yay
bruh ive been out of hospital for like 5 months my guy
woop
Cool.
very good level!
10000 stars! lets goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
Geoxor is Underrated
yiyi
ta chido :v
Hey! Vexes7 is out of the hospital! #NoMoreCovid
gg
oh god the orbs are censored with speed portals this isnt going to be a normal field trip kids
ASTERI EBAAAAT
69
the gameplay is annoying and hard to sightread but the deco is pretty solid. not bad guys :)
pretty alright, some parts are questionable but still a solid level!
Good work! =w=
good sync with gameplay great job!
GG! :) 19 Attempts!
thats me
cool! :0
Petition to delete all dislike bots
gg
my part was made about year ago. Glad to see this collab finished!
Wait why does it have -2 dislikes-? Did dislike bots come???
gg
rate glacial core robert pls xd
Nice!!
fun
12 likes at feature?!
i like
yoooooo dust got daily
How could you Polar we trusted you and now you are a corrupt CP grinder, day ruined.
To get the coin, find the letters C O I N and tap them before going to the ship part :D
thank you guys so much! ill work on gameplay in the future. 
This is how the urban dictionary came to life
Interesting gameplay and decor, Nice level!
Gameplay could be improved greatly, since it is unclear on what kills you. The visuals are very nice though
The gameplay made me cry
To get the coin , git gud. Its that easy
tap to the music, basicslly tap when the boxes touch
should have called it hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia
I cant spell
good                                                                         now make it daily
POLARPIRSM CP
Mucha deco, mal gameplay
Sent to mods! Hope this is your first CP (:
This is so cool
<3
thats the point of the name :)
fun fact: when i was in second grade, we had these things called a Word Bank
GG Both coins. For 2nd coin: Jump on the block at 69% for the coin.
GG! Thanks a lot for using the song <3
featureeeeee
Thanks to SQB for the 2nd coin :).
cool
cool
GG! :)
sur(real)
gg
this is SOO HARD
gg
GG! :)
nice level
gg
haha nice catch "simplar look" is just ldm in disguise
;)
gege
h
i am so stupid
yes +5 youho
hi
robtop censors words like idi*t but not words like shit
greg heffley please do not say the n word
like if u on mobile
black people are so cool
gUyS liKe iF nPesTa iS aRe lItErAllY kEnos
remember, watch BBC Network and not BBC Network
Fun fact: most likebeggers are less than 12 years old
black people rock
re rated
it's ironic how few creators are actually creative and dont just build stuff to meet standards
daily chat
might leave geometry dash to be a cool person sometime 
justim beaver
every belief of mine is factual. accept it. my views are objective.
if this comment gets 5 likes ill tell everyone my main acc
i made this on mobile
minecraft does not suck
incredibly well designed gameplay, great job!
stop saying your life is a joke, jokes have meaning
Un gusto participar en este nivel ^^
El inicio las partes combinaron bien pero mas adelante no mucho pero nada mal
un honor haber participado uwuw
uuuuhmmm... excuse me? i died on nothing
Donde esta lo generico?
I really love this <3333 uwu
smooth designs
Encantador <3
Nice
I didn't like it. I couldn't see orbs... so weird :S
GG All Coins.
recuerdo cuando me pase esta wea :')
nice gp for the most part and cool designs, however there's maybe even a little too much variety
A XD Al fin un nivel relajante XD
gg
gg
why is there an arrow there
free coins! :)
losamo
gg
Not bad, but the parts vary in quality a lot. Sent for rate.
everyone else gets likes whilst begging, but do i? ohhhhhh no
nice
161,000 Stars, GG! :)
GG! 12 attempts, about 5 deaths on first spike ;)
Who else hates the first jump?
first spike , hold . now like
Negat, kr1j, iMela, Emoraled, Unbipentium, iMina, dezka77
i like it maybe you guys should fix ufo part , the gp here is very buggy. GG :)
Unbipentium is sexy
this looks like if someone who only made extreme demons tried to make an easy demon
y did it get changed from easy to medium demon
GGs, hardest part is the first quarter of the level. Awesome job, great music!
OMG THX ROB <3
se cayo mi idolo... rip
1 like = 1 like beggar sent back to the shadows of hell
#212
GG Good job :)
I like how noobs disliked my comment, if u cannot beat some parts, it doesnt mean gameplay is bad.
sus
Please Rob, help Belastet recover his account!
levle
mfw i just read "baguette" for one second
maintenant faut faire un niveau qui s'appelle tracteur
thats cool... guess i wasn't supposed to hit that orb late
eeet mais Phillipe c'est mon voisin quand il sort avec son verre de pastis pour fumer une clope !
Love your levels Gepsoni =3 GG's!
I enjoyed
juste tu aurais pu mettre un chantier en arriere plan avec des grue etc
Interesting ambiance, it's good! The last part could be better however!
If i am annoying i apologize, RobTop my account is in trouble and i need your help.
it has a good atmosphere
ca mfume comment le tritre il a rien a voir avec le lvl
la brouette tailandaise, vous connaissez ? C'est une position sexu....
effectivement les descriptions ca devient nimp :)
Let the top comment war begin...
Les descriptions, c'est de plus en plus n'importe quoi...
Relax Song ahhh...
le ventilateur apres
Absolutely nothing is wrong with this level! Amazing atmosphere, very original, love the gp! :)
never return to this game you disgusting freak
TheShadowRealm is an account RobTop created for rated levels from bad people.
i dont understand, crazen grooms, his level unrated, antonsen actually sexualizes a minor, nothing
crazen looks like the best person in the world compared to antonsen... like if agree
Whats a Pedo's Favorite type of garden                                     A kindergarden
This man makes crazen look like a god. Smh
Can't wait for this to get unrated
TheShadowRealm is our new creator...
beep bop skedo bep, like if you agree
you sick bastard, i hope you get arrested
Soon TheShadowRealm will have more CP than ViPriN.
you're awful man, i'm so disgusted to hear that you r*ped your sister. fking gross
my mans thinking about the wrong cp
Antonsen: Crazen's lost brother
#ANTONSENSHOULDBEBANNED
You are cancelled now :)
wait guys, i'm confused can someone explain what he did
I seriously can't believe i supported you a year ago.. look at you, you're a disgusting freak.
at this rate viprin better watch out
Sorry Anton. You made your own route to here.. Now you have to live with it for what you did
Nice ^^ 
I literally ran to see this and threw my cat's food lmao
GG 40 cp! Now you get verified role in GD discord 8)
GG thx Robtop! =D <3
2nd Part
24% fixed ^^
this is not XL because im a bit stressed with that
2
OWO
#Cypherfor1cp
LETS GO KAIRAAAAAA GGGGGGG
rate more of kaira's levels, she has a lot of good unrated stuff
64 atts, todo mql conmigo JWKDJJDJD
gg 100% top 171
YESSS KAIRA
5
gg top 185, 4.18K stars, i love the song 
Hi godeds
the level was insane but GG!!
Hi god
thank you for improving your gameplay. first time i've 1-attempted a dubbayoo level
do you guys like this gameplay more than my other ones fr)?
well guys have fun chatting here lol also the link is funny indeed
Dream says the Nword 
i wonder what will be the daily for april fools
like this comet if CUM!! xDDD
i remember when people got top comment by saying "trump is gay"
sverytime i hear about 2.2 i become more disinterested in the game and its future
Just promise not to make a dubstep remix of it
Extreme Demons should Be 40 stars
Like for one peice if duck-tape over my mouth
who here thinks daily is odd
My mom banned me from Among Us months ago because I decided to be Corona Virus. 
daily chat is the worst place to chat-
Geometry Dash:*2.2 updated*  Noobs: When 2.3 coming update?  :D
thanks to the people who made my dislike begging post at 1k dislikes
nobody likes you flatlander
AMONGUS! AMO G US! AMONGUS! AMON US! AMONG US! AMONG US! AMONG US! AMONG US! AMOB US! AOG US! AMONG
free wifi anywhere you go
SHUT UP LIKE NOBODY GIVES A SHABOOYEA
omigod this is cool especially for the recent tab.
Neat, but theres a few issues and bugs that prevent me from properly enjoying the level
kinda buggy, but very original
BloodTrail BloodTrail
The most annoying bug is now FINALLY fixed
godno
stop with the 69
LOVE IT
Very cool concept!
To chystvo, kogda SMB v GD slozhnee chem original
Also, nice animation
Finally! Actually, this was so fun to play.  Spectacular job!
so buggy
it looks like a mini-game
wow
i scroll down and i find a level called meatbawl. i scroll down a bit more and find super meat dash.
lol
Man this is really cool im enjoying it so far :')
rate soon (maybe)
i swear i must have the best phone in the world
Version 7, i hate you widescreen people
*chefs kiss*
The robot part has to be one of best looking and most impressive things made in GD! Amazing :O
Pass is 246808 lmao
There's way too many effects going on to see where I'm suposed to go, and the gameplay is just awful
great level but i did not see one key, i want my money back
First epic since Aphelion in early 2018 lmao
beautiful!
nice :)
Harder to read than anime in tasmanian sub
un gran Es "Masking Effect" en bloque oscuro!
just ignore 2.2 and zoom in the level
really fun until the end where the gameplay decides to make no sense and introduces fake orbs for whatever reason
Incredible execution of concepts like duality and screen resizing. Fantastic job to the both of you!
Great! :)
30 attempts. scale part is very creative, but transitions could be better and J block at 83% is bad
Sick!
i actually hate this part
Thanks for the special thanks, but this level is all you. You did great, proud of you <3
Dat effects tho <3
hey rob can you rate [REDACTED] by [REDACTED] thanks man :)
Like for insane demon dislike for hard demon.
When the top comment only has 5 likes lol
how many circles? 9, perhaps?
new update bois! ULDM Added!
Esto va a ser epico papus
LETS FCKING GO
pass 696969
The Drop Is Pretty Hard but,i can't enter it:(
Why?
GG! :)
1ST INSANE DEMON LET'S GOOOOOOOOOO!!!! worst deaths : 81%x2 and 82%
How many circles? Nine?
This is legit my new favorite level of all time. Perfect song, perfect deco, perfect gameplay. 10/10
lmao a secret way got me to 65
GG uwu
who thought it was nine circles level
insane demon?
GG AMAZING LEVEL!! FIRST INSANE DEMON!!!!!!!!
what are you talking about? it's totally squares!
:00000 Thank you robtop!
coin 1 23%, coin 2 53% and coin 3 84%
I like
I really love your lvls
OK STOP SAYING N WORD MY MOM IS WATCHING :(((:((:(:(:((
1 like and a im beat phobos
what does a nosy pepper do? gets japeno business!! aha
politics are just an excuse for adults to argue with each other and still seem mature
dislike if minecraft bad,like if minecraft is good,ignore if u are racist poohead
yea, all lives matter
I would like a girl to hug.  thanks in advance jesus!
thumbs up the comment
Its my birthday :D
thumbs up this if you like pancakes
Crazy thing: Get your first cp, Next day: Get CP once every day
crazen deep throats a gas pump
Amazing 
hold on i wanna show my mom this
OH MY IT WORKED
AAAAHHHH I AM SO ANGRY I GOT 97% ON BACK ON TRAACK
Love it!
2 attempts, gg
that's my 50th demon :D
WHAT 
wow really nice, medium easy demon
Considering how difficulty standards have changed I'm surprised this isn't medium demon
I have never quit a level after getting 97%, but this level is aids and very unfun
wave part at 30% is completely scuffed
Full repsect for taking wave criticism into account. The level flows much better now so good job :)
how is this easy demon?
40 att, too many fakes and weird timings
they can't make me groovin'
27 attempts. #1126
Oh that's why the gameplay's like this...
GG 11 Attempts! This is Medium Demon
Fixed the waves. Level should be balanced now
Trash transitions
I feel like the world hates me
Damn, how many rates did SamMaxx get in this one day
how do u mess up slopes so bad lmaooooo
this is REALLY colorful and cool
Dorabae choose way 2021 cool level
Absolutely incredible level, I adore how plentifully creative this is, everything slaps! GG! :)
pogU
Route 1 GG, Really fun gp.
I wanted to choose secret way :(
So many paths... I approve this level
Rob needs to stop pooping and come rate this!!
top comment
if this gets more than 20 likes ill dress up as Viprin for a week!
Thanks for the great feedback that means a lot to me!
Everybody gansta till ''MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM'' becomes decoration
Amazing work on the different paths 8)
dorabae choose way5
this level is just one big rafer coin route
O.o
i fixed the part 2 bug sorry
thiz comment is hacked you cant lick it i mean like it
cmon rob, rate it dude
Love this :)
WTFFFFFF MY FIRST FEATURED, LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
pls add an option to delete custom portals
sorry, but this gameplay is very frustrating and un-fun. looks nice tho.
Custom portals and orbs sucks
very bad gameplay
trash gameplay :/
bad
Update: now you can disable the custom portals and orbs, also added a very special dedication /\/\/\
this is kind of messy but i can tell you put effort in making the level enjoyable
Amazing decoration but bad gameplay
GG All Coins FINALLLLY. This EASILY one of the WORST levels that I've ever played.
The yellow portal at 80% didn't work until I beat this on the VERY FIRST attempt >:(.
For 2nd coin: Fall down at 27%. For 3rd coin: Tap at the ufo portal at 69% & fall until 71%.
GG ! 93k Stars :D 22/04/2021
gg
You definatly have potential as a creator. Just work on your gameplay and make portals readable.
garbage gameplay
what
the gravity portal at 80% will not work
>:| dislikes bot
oh my goodness this gameplay is so not good :(
Someone got dislike botted :/
lol it got dislike botted, lets hope it gets fixed soon
YES GG!!! Proud to be the first victor of this amazing level! Vid on my YT!
insane
GG 700 demons :)
i hate dislike bots. they are extremely annoying.
GG! 27 attempts :)
stupid dislike bots. amazing level by the way. love the decoration
whoever dislike botted this level is cringe
gameplay so awesome (joke)
dislike bots are stupid...
This can be your first cps my friend!
this is so bugged
how is this easy demon
63% = Yery annoying
the dislike bot will be fixed dw
GG 69 attempts! :D
extremely good
3,100 Demons, GG! :)
why get top comment when you can throw your sister off the roof?
"M" as in Roman numerals for 1000
LIKE THIS COMMENT TO BAN ME FROM COMMENTING FOR 1 MONTH
cool for 1k
Next level: N?
 v a p o r
hey if anyone says something like "1 like = 1 prayer for michigun" please dislike them to hell
ok guys so the joke is that the among us character is wearing expensive clothing, now laugh
guys dont replace the first letter of hex with S, worst mistake of my life
There is a monkey spider because RobTop wanted to show some respect if you didnt know
mannyheffley becomes most famos gd player of all time and has infinite cp B)
Why throw your siblings off your roof when you can get bottom comment?
still cant believe i got a daily level wow
redditors when fortnite bad instagram normies emoji bad keanu chungus wholesome 100 minecraft reddit
i am going to become water brb
i didnt know michi personaly or really at all but you will be missed
Triple Trial should be daily tomorrow
#TheTripleTrial4Daily
joe biden is older than my expired milk
I die without permission... this level still nice!
awesome sync and effects but poor overall design and consistency, sent for rate
realyno kruto
xo4y krevetky
cool lvl bros
NET BLIN OMAR
Parity Rock LMFO
DisKotEka VekA)
coudl be more consistent but it's dynamic and overall I like it
net blyat' TuSoVkA SeLeDkA
nice
I really enjoyed gameplay but not a fan of visuals. 
kinda inconsistent, but nice overall c:
RRRAAATTTEEE!!!PPLLEEAASSEE!!RATE!
visually overwhelming at times but not bad :)
russkie laik, drugim soboleznuy
GG 12 attempts! :D
Rate. A ya dumal eto shutka na 1 aprelya
zavtra doproidy
Cool! :)
19 att(147 total att).Pycckue vpered!!!
oh yeah if you guys find bugs or anything lmk
I was early, so I wanted to get first on the leaderboard. Practice took me 215 atts, I wont do that.
this should get rated because alkali
wow i can't believe update 1.6 was only 10 months ago
fun fact: alkali is muslim
yey
kind of annoying ngl but ok
ive always respected you mulpan keep it up
Pass is 444085 (song ID). Also this level's too hard for me
I AM cool at timings D
good level allahki
every time alk touches the editor i cum
i think when robs done rating he should comment to tell people lol
tbh insane demon
What @Asthae said. I'd rather have 100 comments of begging than one toxic comment. Periodt.
Pass is 444085 now gimme likes.
Hmmm....
finally rated
This just isnt for me sadly
This was such a dope entry, should definitely be rated imo. GG! :)
kinda poorly executed. a bit messy and empty. i liked the colors and ideas though :3
Gameplay is a bit wack, bg and deco blend to much. Over all, very messy, poorly executed, nice color
Why not some demons now
feature this rubrub
glad i fluked it from 40%, the gameplay is horrible
Yo wdym Harder? Does anyone agree it to be insane?
good decoration but the gameplay meh 
toi
paivaa hyvaa
7 or 8 stars
Moi!
awful gameplay
wowowowooww
feature worthy imo
not 6 stars
feature worthy!! wow!!!!
GG! Not a 6* but still good
Thang dau cat moi
rate JusT MoNiKa, by me B)
So GOOOOOOD!!!
can we get a R.I.P for the weekly that only lasted 4 days due to tartarus
so freshhhhhh h
thanks for an amazing april fools rob
The new TamaN :o
when the daily isnt april fools daily
have you ever said a joke so good it make alan walker stop walking?
/\/\/\
DO MFS STILL FALL FOR THE HACKED COMMENT TRICK LMFAOOO
ily
Can you guys stop making fun of Michigun's death please. He was like family to me.
how do i send for epic
like if wyvurn is overweght
now daily chat is just, sex, boobs, fard, and poop
Gentleman, it is with great pleasure to inform you that today is Thursday.
expand me
petition for getting a spike icon when you type "michigun" into the vault
the ending /\/\/\
dislike if you hate alkali
just killed a fast mini wave in the menu where the chicks at
above is the reason im leaving daily chat for today
pretty cool
GG, buen nivel hermano 
wow this gameplay sucks
Thx to Assing GD, Jinnans, KingSupu, KeoNeo, Angel MP & CTRX, <3
Dedications updated :D
As a friend of Danito, All I can say is, im so proud of you man! Just try to work on GP a bit more
e estado aqui antes q robtop le de featured
gg featured
gg
mi pana ya tienes feautured
Enhorabuena Danito!
the first part are the best of the level for me, btw thanks for the dedication :)
bien merecido el Featured
gameplay could be improved
porfin me lo pase
Felicidades!
GG :D
RATE 8 OR 7 STARS!!!!
GG AMIGO :)
GG NICE LEVEL BROO
He got to the rate button, he just missed the 6 and hit 5 instead
coin : keep holding at the start / Calm level. GG! :)
1 like: 1 prayer for michigun :(
Peace For Michi /\/\/\
love the layering in this. great level :D
GG y descanza en paz michigun
GG por michi :')   /\/\/\
Hold to get the coin
michigun would have appreciated this alot. 
Even my first profile post from 3 years ago (on this account) is about him when he dropped from #1
se me olvido pomer mi porcentaje 
@HeckinChonk I've been playing GD since 2015, I've known who he was basically since the start.
The real milkers are those who dont care about his death at all and do stuff like this.
Nice ending /\/\/\
Ill just say, the 5* was unexpected to say the least. Sorry about how I reacted. :/
1 attempt, a solid level, I enjoyed playing it
Coin: Jump at 1%
gg
gg
for Michigun/\/\/\
R.I.P for michigun
/\/\/\
my name is ausk 
/\/\/\ <33
GG! :) 1 Attempt! 36200 User Coins!
/\/\/\
/\/\/\
/\/\/\
nice but the song is not allowed for use :(
NO FAIR MUSIC IS DEAD
COOL i like your levels
like if you OH HECK THE POLICE ARE HERE
very good! although everything about this level has already been done, it still has a charm to it.
like this comment if you like the ending of the level R!P Michigun
Gracias por la dedicacion bro :3 /\/\/\
Grande michigun /\/\/\
insane
completed all 3 quests at once lol
gg 
i really dont see everithing
/\/\/\/\
AMOGUS
nice!
Rest in Peace michi <3
same song twice in a row LOL
anyone else try the april fools commander thing on other levels
lol pre-funny number
gg 1 att awesome level!
congrats on the rate 
GG! Fun coins :)  Laggy level!!
How is this not epic??!
/\/\/\ Forever.
THIS IS THE BEST LEVEL EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sa
/\/\/\
gg
Improve that ldm!
GG 1 att
Among Us Spotted
/\/\/\
#Michigun /\/\/\
/\/\/\ very serene level
Mis respetos. /\/\/\ ...
Las ultimas frases me sacaron muchas lagrimas...                                                   
Sin Duda Gd tiene la mejor comunidad (^_^) _______________/\/\/\
Michigun the Best! /\/\/\
i can only imagine what michi's family is going through right now. this must be awful for them :(
/\/\/\
___/\/\/\___
Es un muy buen tributo, te quedo buenisimo el nivel bro :')
This literally made me cry. RIP Michigun <3 /\/\/\
Mi PC no resiste tanto amor a michigun :(
Im crying... ;-;
Descansa en paz :")
This is the best I've seen of Michigun's memory
Fixed! 62%
MICHIGUN FOREVER
Fly High.
/\/\/\
1 moneda: 34%(abajo), 2 moneda: 57%(arriba), 3 moneda: 90%
Hope he's in a better place now <3
i hope michi is up there watching memes and dababy
Michigun may be gone... But his legends will still live on... R.I.P you will never be forgotten.
i cant see 
i honestly felt more scared then sad playing this
Rip MICHIGUN /\/\/\ 1996 - 2021
too dark 
Such a tribute... We're all gonna miss legendary @Michigun, not for being a GD player, but a person!
R.I.P Michigun. Youll never be forgotten. Soar through Heaven with your beautiful snow white wings.
Wait is Michigun dead?
my eyes 0_o
/\/\/\
perdon por poner que era malo :{ pero descanse en paz michigun ;{
He is jumping triple spikes in Heven now.
we love you michigun, r.i.p /\/\/\
GG for Michi :(
PLEASE I CANT TELL WHATS GOING ON
gg! /\/\/\
Rest in peace michigun, you will never be forgotten. ^^^ <3
/\/\/\.. brother fly high.
this is top comment now :)
i think i like your parts more
Cool! I really like the variety of styles on this level! Some parts needs a better gameplay however!
Buen Nivel Chuchito :D, Me Encanto! <3
Ta bueno
Gameplay could have been better, but neat level :)
this is top comment now =D
Im the new daily! Yes :)
[._.]__________/\/\/\__________
Enjoyed the gameplay quite a bit! Only nitpick is that some transitions aren't readable because size portals cover them. Otherwise great work :)
Are you as bored as i am (Read it backwards)
New crispy pretzel chicken fries at Burger King crunchy pretzel on the outside tendery juicy white m
sup guys
hello    it is literally robtop
women are just men with boobies
the top comment out of context
elders banning god for nsfw when a volcano erupts
shyguyGMD can beat any level except for the demon "realize nobody wants to hear it"
jsab x friday night funkin' ship oc (remake) imposter edition (countryballs animation)
I wish An4ban can teach me how to hack on python xD. I learnt Python but Idk for what that all xD
@Waffl3X im bullying grizzley shut up go back to being a femboy on discord
horrible transitions
bad transitions and gameplay
this level is uhhh
sucky gameplay lots of bugs
Looks ok but the gameplay is annoying unsidereadable and just not very fun to play 
very casual level
gaming very good level
thanks for this bug, thanks you so  much
the transitions are awful
fugit by davoboss
F
GOOD MAP!
IM TIRED OF SEEING IT! MY FRIENDS ON TIKTOK SEND ME MEMES! ON DISCORD ITS FRICKING MEMES I WAS IN A 
45% is pretty off topic from the other parts of the level and the glow usage needs to be developed
nice but the glow usage needs to be better and after 45% just doesnt fit well
parti noob
ya iskal hyu i nashel eto
the copy pasted blocks and wrong blending owch
this was just a mess.  all of the transitions were dog water and the gameplay itself was broken slightly
i had fun working on this, enjoy my creation i made!
thank you for the feedback, ill fix the orbs in a bit
congrats on first cp my friend
Good 1.9 level, nothing wrong with that I enjoyed the nostalgic trip :)
if this comment gets 19 limes i will bang my head on a stopsign and post it on my sisters yt channel
39-44% had a really Cool Effect. Great Job :)
GG 
stupid servers
gg
help i can't play any levels
I cant play the level :I
Like how you called it geometry jump
love the 1.0 background =) very nostalgic level
i cannot load the lev for some reason
Those colors are hot :O
Your first level got rated!?!? Wow, i  cant wait to see what you make next
GG friend! :)
7897eme stars
11000 stars, yey :P
get trolled?
Coin 2: Miss the green orb at 49% then tap the hidden orb, coin at 50%
Pretty nice! Good luck on your first Creator Points. :)
Coin 1: Go in between the blocks at the bottom at 21%
Coin 3: Tap at 93%
your best yet, proud of you <3
this is an perfect example of how actual levels should be, Very clean deco & GP!
ayyy xaz cp finally
greetings fellow travelers
this is not a 5 star. rob. re rate this, and give it a nice, solid, 6 star.
FINALLY CONGRATS <3
4.2k stars | Incredible gameplay
7408 stars GG
good level
really good gp :D
:)
Nice, good execution, love it!
uw
gg
GG! 82.000 stars :)
sing of lif
Robert, stop drinking while rating levels..
coins at 5%, 53%, 98% (not free)
incredibly underrated 6-7 star for sure
Definetly not a 5 star but i love the song!
I HATE 41 :)
SO unbalanced, would be so much more enjoyable if it werent for 41 and 97
GG all coins the gameplay is cool definetly 6 stars:)
GG! 10k stars! >w<
Thanks for ruining the whole level with only 2 timings
last damn....ATTEMPT
i swear to fck-
im about to break my phone i died at 95 again....
bruh
roptop stop being drunk while rating these levels
;-;
gg 36k stars
still beat it though cause that gameplay is really good.
:v
Love this level sooo Much, Extremely Fun and Deco is Amazing! <3 <3 <3
going for the coin was a mistake
really cool is amazing i love it this should be featured good job i love it! >3
for coin farmers coins in level free you need click all 3 orbs in end of the level
sunset sandstorm
if thid gets 20 likes I will Cyrogenetically freeze Myself
I Found This On Magic Tab Wow
i'm lagging so hard that its not easy
nice :))
how dare you make an easy level where you need to click more then 5 times
like if u farming diamonds
Like if you want like
beautiful thanks for free coins
free coins Good level!
100% epic
reminds me of by7on, nice
REALLY LAG
one of the best easy levels
uy?
epic........
so beautiful...
8100 stars!!
Algunas partes podrian mejorar un poco pero ta bonito
Have a good day! ^^)/
Wow this is awesome, i love your style its so cool, good job dude <3
The last part on this level is inspired on "Bucky" by GhostMonkeyb
GG really easy coins :)
muy bueno la verdad 10/10
like it? I LOVE IT!
Ups at 97%
Really simple and nice-looking level! I love the calm feel, crisp designs and range of colors.
h
GG
GG al coins awesome!
gg
epic
very cool
bien hecho bro.
Me encanto mucho este nivel, es genial
cool
gg
gg got the 2 coins
GRACIAS A TODOS!!!!, DIOS
@StardustWizard como mamas
este es probablemente uno de los mejores harder del juego en cuanto a gameplay
este es un nuev0 univ3rso para todos
tenes la tula re grande pa
Me alegro mucho :') 
Buen nivel! ^^
looks rly nice
denle estrellas yaaaaaa
Goo xD
Good level :D
no me carga el nivel pero aun tienes mi apoyo, felicidades bro <3
:')
GG
Felicidades por el rate Bala :D
a nice level
coins: skip blue orb at 10, small robot jump at 43, and invisible orb at 75 :D
juas
cool
very good map, love the song
my bad my bad
the controls are reversed which confuses me
hi Rob this isn't auto x)
Sorry for reversed controls, my brain is too dum to fix it
Once again, GD can make FNF, but FNF can't make GD. we win
One of the old version of Friday Night Funkin intro have message "Better than Gd, fight me Robtop"
Geometry Dash is better
Nice !!
why fnf is so popular?
Really well made!
pass 2000 lmao ok wheres my likes
lol
its literally friday, march 12th, 2021, 8:01 pm and i beat this level, i beat it on a friday night
beep boop skdoo bop
KPACABA PROSTO TOP
B) i beat this with my last life until death i got lucky. GG :D
beaten on a friday :p
idk how to do this on mobile lmao
I need the code so i can see how to make a level like this
pass: 2000
banger song choice, you just really didnt match the songs energy in this level
Hope ya get radet this is cool
Cool ideas, seems a bit empty and repetitive tho
Amazing Level
GG! :)
Grammar Police open up
Interesting, but I wish that it didn't have such repetitive nature; makes it a little boring.
9997 stars we so close now
I Liked!
im playing before the feature
Iluminati confirmed!!
12345 stars lmao
GG! 100 stars in 47 minutes :)
Thanks for the free coin big man
free coin:)
GG :)
gg
Cool!
Congratulations bro! :p
Good level :D
heehoo haahaaa hop on halo kitten daddy is grooming minors
i beat this while eating a sandwitch with doritos ham and mayo on it
LETS GO
Hop on Pop                                                               rip dr suess career
please dont make me experince that death effect again
Hop on Halo by FatTits
Hello, Natsuki
Why dislike botted ? The guys that do those things should stop now ! :(
congrats on rate
That background is f**king awesome.
Wow, Natsuki
The level got disliked botted, get this level to positive likes
ROBTOP!!! YOU LAZY ASS, RATE THIS LEVEL!!!
Custome orbs :/
911 likes
Fun Fact: Die at 22, and something will happen.
feature for sure
too pretty and chill, love it
Natsuki
master chief huge as
por si quieres saber las 3 coins 1er32% 2da48%-64% 3era93% like
Hey!Yo tambien soy de Mexico.PD:Buen nivel
yo tambien soy mexicano chingesumadre
rRr . . . very creative
No soy de Mexico pero para mi es un buen pais :)
Coin 2: Miss the green orb at 37%
Por que hay gente invidiosa que da menos like por gusto nose vale!!!
r
esta buenardo! ahora si dame mis 10cm de tula que me debes 
BuenNivel!!!topNum41:) Con las 3 Coins
bien bonito bien coqueto
GG! 3 att :)
Muy buena deco!
gg
nice pixel fruit
GGGG
Who searched "rrr"?
Very cute level, enjoyed playing it :D
GG! All coins :)
great art and gameplay
nice, its a bit empty and a lot of copy paste in block designe but good job <3
omg! Feat! THX RubRub <3
coins at 24%, 38%, 81%
I love the song =)
not bad, feels pretty and empty and unpolished though
Nice :)
Ta bonito
94%-96% fixed
A little color would be nice
2000 coins:)
Pretty nice
Vexes STAI zitto
adoro el chillstep!!! :D
star rate - feature, lmao
i feel like this level...   e m p t y
GG!
LoL GG! Increible Nivel!
gg, Con mi mano zurda, 2 coins
good Layout
The gameplay is very boring but its ok, like
death effect lowkey annoying but the rest is fine
gameplay is kinda cringe but it looks good and has THE JAYUFF SONG
ofc youre scaring them away because u have 90% of them blocked
cringe gameplay
gameplay is bad :(
weird flex but aight
this gp is kinda sus.
i think this is 9 stars
hard for 7 stars...
bruh ceru yeah why do u have me blocked
please unblock me, what did i ever do to you :(
LMAO this level took me more attempts than some easy demons I already beat xD nice lvl tho
300th like
Robtop is right, the gp is too confusing for only 6 stars.
badly aged :(
Really cool! Hard Coin... GG
GG! :) 64 Attempts! 35800 User Coins!
Forehead shinie
48.082eme stars, i really don't like this gp
its a 7* lol
why do you creators put upside down waves in 5 star levels
cagasburra
Finally! Thank you robtop and everyone!
coins at 36% (tap at 27% and 32%), 42%, 93%
Pausa sigaretta cor Zanna83
ivan magliocca sei una testa di minchi4
Nice colors i like it, the gameplay it's fine, only on the final part was hard, sent to mods!
vetroso
I finna ask Joe Biden to change the national anthem to the PP song
cool designs but gameplay needs a lot of work. dont put so many invisible objects, it makes the gameplay really hard to read and confusing
<3
i cant tell if it changed gravity back to normal or not
GG! 1 coin, bad gameplay
figo
awesome !;)
10k Stars! :3
 
bad level
GG!
brah
For coin: Jump at 5%, 8%, 11%, 13%, 16%. It'll appear at 18%.
I love collabing with you! Also, your song choices are always amazing!
this is good
jump over all black bushes
no 
Coin : jump over the black root things at 5;8;11;13;16
Sexev is vexes backwards
GG! :)
thanks rob
ayy gg man :)
Nice :)
hey rob!
I really like this
I love this level :)
Nice!
Nice collab level! :)
free stars lets go
GG! :)
I just started jumping over the bushes at the start and then the coin appeared.
1 coin!
i need only 3 likes to be top comment...
I like trains
First coin: DONT TAP THE TOGGLE ORB
Not gonna lie, i thought the song was Beep Beep by Schtiffles for a sec
Meow, meow, I'm a cow. Meow Meow I'm a cow.
Pass: 569780
First coin: dont hit the beginning toggle orb. Second coin: Hit the second toggke orb. Or, GG all co
best lvl in gd :)
-_-
I love this!
need 42 likes to get top comment can we get it?
pain
nah no agarre la 1ra coin :c
meow
btw why are all your comments disliked
now now im a cow i say now now im a cow) sheep NO
who thought that this ending is good
parece una radio del GTA xd, buena decoracion :D
LDM does nothin at all, it only deletes the first transition and thats it!
very fun and cool level guys GG
The fastest carrot of them all. Congratulations on your first Creator Points! :)
like if you saw this before it got rated
Quick! The quicker picker upper!
Congrats on featured! I know it isn't yet, but it will be. :)
caroot
Nah bro real chads know that apples are the fastest
Amazing nice gameplay and decoration!
when the lag is a speedhack
false advertising. one of the slower carrots I've seen lately.
a rather long name
Yeah the carrot is way too fast! I cant keep up with him
I like the name of this level ;)
that kids, is lag
lag
My only complaint is the wave part at the end being hard to see and the LDM isn't strong enough. GG
2 FPS with LDM on.
when you get your first really liked comment ;O
CROT
A nerve in my forehead twitched while I played this
59 att , insanely fun overall
I'd say 8*
this isnt blue cheese
skele!!!!
guys listen to superiorbarracu i didn't sub and i died and my ghost is playing gd oh no this is horr
gmd skele level
1st coin: skip the blue orb in 2%
FRATM ITALIANO
we love cancer harder gameplay
@moffer imagine rob being a legend and rating GDDD
maybe some old rates?
insane 9* lol
Pretty Cool!
hi skele
mapa de superskeleton
GG! :)
GG! 2 attempts :) 8-9*
yes good idea lets make everything move and make the gameplay shit because it looks good Pepega Clap
wow just wow
I'd do anything to like twice 
Amazing, some of this stuff looks like BlasterRobotz style but better which is just incredible. :D
I just wanna say to everyone, thank you, all so much. I love you all! :-)
ITS RATED! THANK YOU SOO MUCH ROB I LOVE YOU!
Gameplay could be better, but Good Job :)
I actually really like this! Some parts could use work but overall its a nice level :)
MINE WAS UR 1000TH? THE BEST DAY JUST GOT BETTER!! :D :D :D
gameplay is really bad tbh
Ah yes, the most overused song in Geometry Dash
GIVE THIS MAN HIS FIRST CP!
if this doesn't get featured i'll take a bite out of a brick :)
good level, but there is some annoying gameplay now and then. 
robtop pare de jugar fortnite para dale estrellas a este nivel
GG! 500 likes :)
Pretty neat! i think it will get rated
666 diamonds 0_0
bad gameplay
This song has been used in 41 rated levels now. Are we really that limited with song choices?
I know. Last part turned out a little harder than expected.
nice bro :D
the reporting system really needs an update, you should be able to report comments
Annoying orb timing for the last ball and robot part. but still good dude :^)
i like that you tried some new stuff in here
pretty easy for a 9 star
Bugs & secret way fixed, enjoy the level <3
was that shitty timing really necessery? cmon man
That invisible spike at 1% has no indication to it, makes it a little awkward to play.
i hate the ball part ;-;
que pendejo soy xd
...
Nice
I Love This Song!
very interesting :)
fReSh bY cRaShYy FuNnY!!!
died at 90% 17 times wow
El insane mas facil que he jugado, GG :D
WHAT AN AMAZING LEVEL
there is kind of a secret way in the first spider part (that part is broken)
a
G
funny :DDD
very good
Best bossfight ever
too late lilace, the clothes are off.
the level name is what ace does whenever he sees a 12 year old
also can we acknowledge the fact that this man got a feature during a 34d 22h ban
the level name is what ace does whenever he sees a 12 year old
the level name is what ace does whenever he sees a 12 year old
the level name is what ace does whenever he sees a 12 year old
really wish this matched the song's energy a bit better
the level name is what ace does whenever he sees a 12 year old
the level name is what ace does whenever he sees a 12 year old
the level name is what ace does whenever he sees a 12 year old
the level name is what ace does whenever he sees a 12 year old
phew, good thing the warning is there at the start i was about to get naked
the level name is what ace does whenever he sees a 12 year old
the level name is what ace does whenever he sees a 12 year old
the level name is what ace does whenever he sees a 12 year old
the level name is what ace does whenever he sees a 12 year old
Password is 585469.
the level name is what ace does whenever he sees a 12 year old
True legends beat this while naked
coin 1: jump at the very start. coin 2: jump at around 35%. coin 3: go high at the robot portal.
Fixed a 47% bug, thanks Samiversal for letting me know :)
Deco by: clique, Gusearth, ColorsX, realwhata, Tim55, GD Orange123, KubaCreator and 7Tash.
pretty cool but the first part needs some work to be up to current standards
144Hz bug amigos :(
bug on 240hz, move that spike object up, ball bounces up into it
I can't even get my own coin but gg whata
the gameplay is badd
GG! :)
Chill Vibes
missed the first coin, gg 2 coin :")
tim55
:)
rate cerpl
rate cerplex
47 is bugged above 60fps, just move the spikes higher up
Gdnrudhdiejdi GG
aw geez, ive never had a level named after me before
18k.
Any time there is lyrics in a level they distract me and it is hard to beat it :/
yayyy finally after a year it is done!!
good job fofii this is really fun, sorry i couldnt help build more parts
my chowderbowl brings all the kitties to the yard
kity be like nya~ :3c
epici
bloco design is for losers. - jayuff
GG! 19,000 ESTRELLAS y 4,900 user coins [13/03/21] a solo 1,000 de las 20k :)
:smokeysmile:
i dont think reqs hurt anybody tbh
we should get sanctus by ifuse lol
el gato
Free coins :D
so there's no need to do block design ig
vexers being like me, but one year ago, starting drama out of nothing xdddd i like that
gg
people with 20+ cp telling to stop begging are cringy too
imo it just feels too empty
JAYUFF LIVES
awesome level
the wave is a bit of a challenge but its cool
rob give me more than 1000 groups
Good job!!!
The explosion is outstanding!
THIS IS AMAZING! AND THE ART AT THE END IS STUNNING
In this level, there are 3 references to different anime backgrounds
Thanks for such an amazing level, it was pleasure to verify epic coins! I hope you enjoy them all!
Coins reverified, because the trigger which crashed game got removed. Don't do stuff like that pls.
Pro tip: don't get the coins!
Woah that art's so realistic. Madoka Magica slaps
that moment when you get a verifier for a 5* lvl
gg on first epic!
i just watched all of madoka magica so the song was epic for me
THERES A BIG ANIME WOMAN AT THE END
pretty fun without the coins
so no ones gonna talk about the two comets in some of this levels backgrounds? reminds me of someth
I just realized the background with comets was a Your Name reference
epic ans 1st page :)
10fps pog
1: eto prosto oxerenno,vot eto to kachestvo,kotoroe doljno bit vsegda
I LOVE THIS LEVEL I'M LICKING MY PC
welcome to double digit gang where 12 year olds call u a cp grinder
hey digger!
was alot of fun building my part, thanks for the opportunity
pog
jumpIger
3000 stars :^)
GG! :)
Woody tuneaDo
Congrats on reaching the double digit gang :)
Epic!
i like it
so well made damn
jugando sus nivles
Good thing people arnt calling this guy a simp like last time
h
juniper
me encanta
mmmmmmmm
nice!
maybe ur first epic?
this looks pretty cool for the most part but the gameplay needs a lot of work
Please Don't
EPIC
NOT FUNNY
how does one work on a level for a year
numpang mengucing
Yeeesss Thanks For Feature Robtop <3
Pretty original level with old song, good.
YOUR NAME !!!!!
YAHAHA ASU
Yahaha Hayuuk
pasword is 177013 go ahead
I Love My Life
i just want to hate my slef then i will feel good
WHY IS THERE A MICHIGUUUUUUUUN
Great art level
a year of work! bru how
I see you are a man of culture as well
no
GG 3c
dont you recommend practice to me or ill recommend you get cancelled
It'd be nice if I could see what color the orbs were -_-
Sehnsucht = Nostalgia.
deutsch
green orbs arent supposed to be pink
I love seeing "practice recommened" at the beginning of a 1-attemptable level ;)
Nice :)
Buen trabajo chicos :3
fuee un gusto ver partisipado pana :D
found this on recent :3
Nice level bro! sent:)
sehnsucht is one of those german words that doesnt have a 100% accurate translation, german rocks!
48.172eme stars, practice not recommended because you maked great gameplay, thank you <3
"AnLa" ElGranDe :D                                                                                 
why do people put pads in the portals
Pretty Cool!
this epic worthy
As a german guy, I love the name of this level :)
When it says practice recommended but you beat it without practicing ^)
GG!
if you die to hz bugs, use the trigger
like dis comment if u want to see the no-auto version
this level is buggy. *grabs bug spray*
when it says die on an auto level O_o
Funny Number.
What a sad place for my screen to need refreshing
My brother played this and liked it so much that he started dancing on the floor lol
i died to an auto level
yay!!
an actual  gameplay auto!!!!!!!!!
Is this an Inferno by Dante (the book) reference?
my phone:  HELP ME 
aqui jugando autos mientras almuerzo
if it were non auto it would be harder than bloodlust
ultra extreme demon if not auto
imagine if this wasnt auto
the effects are amazing :D!!
i died
omg its  a 2021 auto that is not a movie
big lag
Daily chat is insufferable during 'top comment war!!' ill return later
Two star level that is not 95% auto whaaaaaaaaaaaaaat?
Cheese has holes. More cheese = more holes. More holes = less cheese. More cheese = less cheese
too many people trynna get top comment, return to monke
how to get bottom comment: ask for likes 
mods can be funny // i can even write haikus // please laugh... i will cry :(
Great that the level doesn't treat the player as a baby.
keep austin as top comment
Un gusto haber ayudado :)
Very fun to play! First time in a while I actually enjoyed playing a 2* level. (maybe because you actually PLAY this one)
1st coin 34%  2nd coin 54% 3rd coin 79% now like this so everyone can see this
like this comment if you love jesus
a monke fell into the river in lego city.
i'd write more haikus // to flex my supremacy // but i'm too lazy ;(
yeaaahh 2 star daily
i stole aeons air
easy levels these days are so much easier. but demon levels are so much harder.
GUYS BE SUCCESFUL IN LIFE DONT END UP LIKE ME
Easy Daily? Whats even better?
gg!
what the hell is this trash gameplay
you tried so hard to be unique that you forgot that the level is supposed to be playable
i feel like a woman
THANK YOU SO MUCH ROB!! 
The gameplay... huh...
this is the worst gameplay ive seen in my entire life of playing this game
Horrible gameplay and very dark too
gg....
gg 66 attempts absolutely horrible level
tf is this gameplay
this gameplay is not it
weird gameplay,but not bad
gg first cp!!
gg. Also, huge congrats on the rate <3
felicidades por tu primee featured
-______________- bro
I am so confuzled
how tf is the gameplay bad
GAMEPLAY
Cool
:0
Like if your name is NOT Meoww14 XD
mengkeren
mengg0kil sj
NB : ULDM will be appeared in the level after you activated LDM (in-game menu) first. Turn it on if you experience excessive lag :)
Nice level <3
Not the best gameplay and could be optimized better. Good looking level tho
Nice :)
Awesome
These colors are. interesting
anjai
i expect to see this rated for sure
DAFINN lets gooo!
First
very amazing design and effects as per usual dafinn!
gg 48 attempts annoying
Nice!
So cool
what kinda trash are yall playing on? im on a 30hz ipad and i have like no lag
It still lags even with both LDM and ULDM
Crazy routes
ObligatoryCommentOnALevelWithOneOfMyFavoriteSongs
BRO TURN AROUND IS AMAZING I HAVE A LEVEL WITH THE SONG
ObligatoryCompletionAndAppreciationComment
More like UnsightreadableSoloLevel
it's the guy with the funny flamingo layout
Pepe frog moment
gg on first cp :)
Love it.
*Insert random top comment war joke here*
pepeD
gg 3 Coins, 69 Attempts. Top 4 En el mundo, y de mis amigos :)
This deserves an epic, its literally poetry.
The timing...
aha.. ah h hw weuas ahhdeofw sdouad OuqdweXASIOUREWW F FUF FEVHFCWJRW
This level was so confusing what
ayo gg
this is really good, but its also really confusing. it should be rated 9* or 8* imo
a la mierda
gg
Fun Fact: The title means fear of change.
Jeremy the Jellyfish be lookin a bit weird
Ok the 3d movement are outstanding ngl
Very cool animation ! :)
Creo fans will understand the beginning
Wheres that one guy who tells the pass of the levels?
GD in 2021
i always act like the auto levels are movies so i like to get water and maybe some food
wow wow wow
EPIC
Meta the what now
Now make one with amogus
Nice auto :D
Why this no have epic?
how it this not an auto and featured :o
it looks like an anime
thank god triggers exist or this wouldnt be possible
Remember that this game is about spikes and cubes
This would be a great Video Game cutscene :)
900 stars
Dedicated to me?????
like si soy pendejo
@RyderZ yeah its dedicated for you too
cool, but try to improve the gameplay, overall is nice. thanks for dedication :)
coin: grab the key in 24%, like? :)
kaget pas liat endscreen nya ternyata orang indo toh :v
Kmvret indo
Next level: RubRub
anjay orang indo nich btw perbaiki lagi anjer yg item item ga ampe ujung screen xd
pretty neat. 2 atts.
3 attempts, 2 in practice. good level
gg
gg soy el pendejo de los likes
10k download let's goo :D
I LOVE THIS SONG...
congrats first CePe anjai :v
mantep bro level lu dapat featured :)
GG, awesome level :)
aku mau komen tentang level ini, tapi udah dulu nulisnya capek :v
huh....
I deeply apologize for the death at 98%, just keep trying :)
aea
aea manito 
Vamos plebs
Disclaimer: this level was done more for union (friendship) rather than quality, otherwise, enjoy.
Amazing work brothers ! :)))
eaeaeaeaeaeeaeaeaeeaeaeaeeaeaea
inviten a electry
aea mongol
Vamooo
buena pollo y estamina
aea mongol
thank for leme in
the first dash orb lines up so perfectly with your cube that it makes me cry from happiness ;~;
yeessssss
AeA
AEA by Stamina      Union.
: o
Exquisito dijo el Pacha
cool
Hasta a mi me hace dudar la descripcion lOl. Muchas gracias por la dedicatoria, bro.
My first level with stars 01/03/2021
people asking where the coin is but its literally in the first jump of the level
Felicidades!
You get the coin by jumping right when the level starts :D
Wow CooL Y Felicidades Por Tu Primer Featured Lo Merecias Desde Ase Mucho ;)
Where is the coin?
cool
Abdula
Grande Rixis GG con tu primer featured bro :)
gg
Coin: Jump at 1%
>3
i hate levels that end on the drop
Has conseguido tus deseos rixis ^^ esepero tengas mas rates =) disculpa lo que paso bro, buen nivel
You should make the dash orbs more obvious, they look like green orbs. And put some protection on t
Cool lvl! Should be epic tbh
GG! :)
G featured.
Beautiful but I keep dying to bugs :/
HOLY SHIT IT GOT RATED
LETS GOOO FIRST CREATOR POINTS
DUDE IM LEARNING ABOUT CHROMIUM IN MY CLASS HOW DID YOU KNOW
FINALLY LETS GOOOOOOO
for those who dont know i was supposed to deco the drop but i got really busy so thx jino :D
beeze churger
twitterdude161
i love this song :D
very fun
IT GOT RATED YEAHHHH GGGG
twiter with croter pointz!!!!!
orb timing at 57% kinda annoying, nice job tho
1000 USER COINS!
the part at 56 is very bad
congratulations on the creators points
1 att
dezz nuts
gg first rate
he has cp now, deserved
really fun level, 18 attempts in practice, 1 in normal
who is fat?
Quinu is fat. :)
bruh
level: Avoid the (face) me: jumps straight into the face regardless
dropped verification because 1. Title is a lie, 2. Too busy playing amogus and 3. Jarvis is haram!!!
very true. He is a block big!
skinny quinu [:)]-|-<
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
hi
jarvis sucks
he became fat thats what he did
I felt every emotion possible playing this level
GG, 500 stars :D
fat quinu
2500 stars lol
lmao this is amazing
piss baby
Robotchief: "please rate 2 stars" RobTop: " 3 Stars, take it or leave it"
Quinu is pretty fat tbh
i have forever ingrained myself into the quinu is fat leaderboard. im so proud 
H A R D  D E M O N  I S  D E F A U L T  R A T I N G  D E M O N
102 attempts, GG =)
Woah, a decent level with this song
password! (240221)
My 1200th demon! 27/02/21 ;D
firework 2: medium demon boogaloo
mescaline is a psychedelic drug in the tryptamine family of hallucinogens. it is found in the peyote
This was awesome, perfect medium demon in my opinion GG ^^
some parts are hard demon, other parts are easy demon. so, medium demon. boom.
G
#1106, fun
after 6.494 attempts... im shaking.. GG
i hate my finger
sadge 3 trilogy
incredible level
GG free demon bruh
eat ass, smoke grass, and sled fast.
My favourite medium demon
161,000 Stars, GG! :)
guy below me is smart
20,000 stars!
i kinda want demons                                                              hi
Omg me lag
spider was bad, but the rest was good
yeah i want demons too
lagggggggggggyyyyyyyyy
Fun
ALESDA! - Farting
33970 stars.
finally a good rate 
could be more sightreadable
Pretty cool! GG's! 8)
We'll meet agaain, don't know wheere.. don't know when, but i know we'll meet again, some sunny day
wow really good decor
@bennyboii35 first, have agreat day. second, theres many levels i want rated of course, this one too, but rate-begging isnt the right way to do this.
GG
Oh yeah demons would be great
GG! Hard to tell whats going on
Cool!
can't see anything in the spider section, its pure guesswork
if i reach 100 cp ill make an onlyfans
screw all the stupid puns about you making levels fast. thanks for being such a great guy.
Congrats on your first cp !1!!1
oh no! this guy got daily again. i think i'm gonna blame the creator for this one.
level: thank you. song: STAB VICTIMS!!!
no one cares if you were here before feature or first, good level crispycroc
this level looks empty ldm wise, but good work!
Man.. you are always soo original and your decorations is always soo clean!! congrats on top 100! <3
wow gg on top 100 creators! i hope your better now (:
:eyes:
oh hey thx for dedication aswell, you are a great friend <3
thank you again everyone, i love yall :D
i dont need to ask if im cute, i already know im cute
robert choosing the same creators for daily every time despite the countless other cool levels he rated that day
do you guys find enjoyment in bullying me
And remember kids, never stick ur hand in RobTops butt. Itll get stuck forever. Ok bye
Me and LilAce are currently making Game of Moans
well its at least better than ppdppdpp
one day you will look back on roleplaying with immense regret and shame
hey crispy please do us a favor and delete everything fartdaddy says thanks
Dislike bot, send help ples ;-;
cool!
Free coins ;)
Kronos of latinoamerica B)
Your levels look so much better now, with the glow checkbox removed. Thank you :DDDDD
GG! :D
it's been 6 years and verified free coins are still a thing.
tf where is the epic
Nice three coins at the end. Thx XDD
gg free coins :D - 8 attempts
Yup definetly your best!
that's my song lol (jk)
def your best                              also im really good at the ga
Free coins, thx :)
This was awesome! Very fun to play
OH MY GOD YES THIS SONG
I don't usually comment when stargrinding, but this was insanely fun to play, amazing job! :)
gg fun gameplay sightreadable free coins 11/10
GG! :)
LOL Free coins GG :)
YunHaSeu14 will be the next top 1 creator
Viprin should be scared. Yun is going to be the next top 1 creator
i like it, the structures and orbs are hard to see though
Nice, try not to make the bd blends with the bg
Sell the bathwater from the tub and you'll be rich
Split72 and ExtraCrispyCroc are going to dethrone Viprin? Nah this guy is
if you've taken the red shampoo you could've made a bloodbath
like if you think YunHaSeu will be the top 1 creator
my eyes!
The Deco is great just that you cant see the blocks
looks like a waterfall to me
GG awesome
GG, also this is my first time to see someone use waterfall properly.
lets be honest, you can't see a thing. :(
i cant see
i cant see
beautiful :0
ViPriN Is Taking A Break From Hosting/Creating Lvls So Leaves Time For Yu And Braden
This is Bloodbath nerfed
GG! :) 12 Attempts! 35500 User Coins!
Sick level
dope!
claim you before the featured --->
guys stfu about Nexus, the level is made by Custi
i came from nooblookingpro not nexus jokes on you
menn'a''a'mn koijaa ruotsalaisia kjeh kjeh
I wish the gameplay matched the song better but I love the theming of this level. Great job!
"kill a pillager captain in minecraft"
This level saved my marriage, thank you Custi
sick!
Vittu kuumia naisia 5km
SO LONG GEY BOWZA
hyva taso : )
Paha Omena
Extremely unbalanced but fantastic decoration :)
Lol easy demon?? More like Hard
You are always super good with your theming! Very impressive how this only took 5 days to make! GG!
PLEASE GET RATED
GG! 28 attempts :)
Minecraft grimstone
Quien mas viene de Facebook?
Thx for use my song!
turning water into cp
anyone else have this thing called a life? 
ima go milk my hamster see ya later 
Lol awesome!
wow congrats on your first cp, eddiesmith!!
el fondo me recuerda a woodkid xd
do rates where they give people creator points
GG 3 coins
bruh the gameplay is alright but too much decoration
:v interesante xd
"prettiest" level on gd
este nivel merece featured!! GG
robtop rate featured
Un nivel muy bonito bro
epico , saludos desde la publicacion del facebook xD
Vengo de Facebook, hermoso Nivel!! :D
here before ppl ask for demons
Nice lvl
First coin at mini ball-36%. Second coin at mini cube-60%. Like so others can see:)
This seems like it shouldn't be sightreadable but it is
friend, I have a message for you, look at my profile and always be happy: 3
cool gameplay
its good but i cant see lmao
really poorly made, LDM is better then normal mode xD
Nice
GG ;)
song doesnt really fit imo and theres a bit too much black glow, but gp was pretty decent
gg 17,500 stars, nice duals ;)
Gg 3k stars very polished and easy dual
Pass: 989898
uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
i really like this
i like the dual a lot very creative and easy
cool
this does need more downloads GG
Congratulations friend!!! Featured :D
am i the only one whos vibeing to this song
Really cool! Great job
0
why is my level broken
huge step up from your previous works!! nice :)
No likes? And this rated?
0 downloads and 0 likes, wow what a glitch
Very clean
0 likes 0 downloads? interesting...
downloads are frozen so it says 0 downloads, funny to see a 0 download epic lol
     When top comments has more likes than the level:
For everyone who's asking, likes and downlaods have frozen for all levels. It'll be fixed soon
GG! 12K stars! That level was amazing!! :)
Very intuitive gameplay and has some good atmosphere, well done :)
the pass is 098741 like for everyone can see
this is amazing, keep it up man!
Very enjoyable to look at!
yike
eating a burger with honey mustard 0%
hello your computer has a virus
One of the best modern levels in my opinion.
Why no likes?
is there a glitch happening because there is an epic rated level with 0 & 0
this game is broked 
like if u beat nightmare
3 liked XD
3 like 30 download HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE !? LOL
GG Very entertaiment lvl 9/10 *
3 likes? y 30 descargas? que pasa robtop XD?
rip demon
gg, 17k stars finally
SOOOO BUGGY
U S E  J  B L O C K S
30 Downloads... huh.
shat
4th like lol
featured so quick
F E A T U R E at 30 downloads, kinda POG
this is one of the best levels ive ever seen with 30 views and 6 likes! 
only a matter of time before this becomes daily
3 likes 30 downloads!)
GG :)
how tf did you manage to make a 2.0 styled level thats better then 90% of 2.1 levels LOL
easiest harder ever?
'2.0' -generic 2.11 level.
arrebatao dando vuelta en la Jeepeta
el ldm es mas falso que las mentiras de mi ex 
Except for the wave parts this level is 4 stars
great for 2.0, sync could be improved though and the auto at 33% could be shorter
TRANCISIONES DE MIERDA
actually really fun :)
Wow!
155,000 Stars, GG! :)
1 like= 1,000,000 coronavirus dead.
omg why this rated harder i beat 1 att.     here come dislikes
pense que me lo iba a pasar a la primera, pero bueno :) att 2
this is so chill :)
2.0
}I{ECTb
creo que la cancion no le queda
If only this was made in 2.0...
Ta bueno bro:)
this is... amazing
like this if you love your mom
Like this comment to support all of the healthcare workers who gave us all the oportunity to live
like if you want a thicc box of cookies tommorow at 12:38 PM
OMG MY FIRST FEATURED LEVEL
AMAZING level, very unique and fun, some parts could be better and has lots of offscreen jumps
using our moms as bait to get likes is extremly disrespectful. stop
F dont jump here
Dont take drugs kids
3rd coin: Miss the 3rd orb at 86%, collect the x, hold and collect the coin, Like ? :)
2nd coin: Jump on the x at 52%, jump at 54% over the spike on the x, collect up 56%, Like ? :)
1st coin: Jump at 1%, jump at 2%, collect 10% Like ? :)
intoxicated euphoria >> nasty paradise
awesome
Coin 3: Miss the 3rd blue orb at 86%
like this comment if pizza tastes cool
easy demon tbh, gg :)
GG! all coins.
cool 7u7 
Putting like 10 blind jumps in your level don't make it unique. It's just atrocious to play.
definitely your best level!
When your best is only rated as featured... First time?
I wish I got epic, but thank you rob. 20 Cp boys, only goes up from here!
you KNOW im a sucker for these kinds of pulses, love it
Thank you for the kind words everyone, means more than you think rn
why no epic
bruh this definitely deserves epic
pass is 42069 now where is my like?
GG!
This level is quite special one. It's what makes me proud of you as a creator <3
yo are such a talented creator, you should keep doing what your doing and you will get lots of cp
super hard litrelly i die alott!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yoooo a featured level with good gameplay????
It is a password 
amazing and with one of my favourite creo songs too :)
I hacked this comment now you cant like it
THIS IS EPIC
Cool but i am noob and i died lol
friend, I have a message for you, look at my profile and always be happy: 3
Only the lexip for this level
enjoy the gp guys (=
thanks for using my song dude GG ! 
better than past levels, but don't put "maybe even epic" in the description, makes you look greedy
oh wait the gameplay wasnt by dubbayoo, now it makes more sense
you have exceeded my expectations dub :3 good job 
Bunch the god of funny gameplays!
Bro, this is insane 9* no insane 8*, but i like it.
frist
guau, en verdad soy malo
97k stars
waiting for rutra comment
most underrated dub level
improving more :)
btw, feel free to check out my lvl called modern. It is my first attempt at modern bd heh
GG 90 ATTEMPTS AND ALL COINS :D
Great level! You an Bunch should definitely do more collabs like this on the future :)
Happy birthday bro! :)
why is the ending so easy lol
dont AUSK about the gameplay at the last dual, it is pretty VEXING hahahahaha
you should move each move trigger that moves the blocks to the left 2 blocks
hi my name is trey i have a basketball game tomorrow
what an amazing three-side polygon level :)
 I can't believe it's not Ardant
cool now make ReTreY
Treyangle
because I'm cool
If you don't wanna talk then why are you talking :))
neat!
awesome job you guys
because he's cool
hes just really cool
circle
triangular balls
Me when trey
Triangle level by team ardent
i was gonna update my par-
good deco but this gp made me angry
gg
glad i could help :thinking:
nice triangles
Pretty cool level tbh. Kinda boring and this transition is awful
this level sucks! featured! 
so thats enough to get a feature? well then roptop, go and feature my layout. im waiting.
If i get top comment i will delete   my account.
this level be like: _________---------________----------
Copy + Paste = Featured
anyone else notice how the first spike is 65% of the way through the level?
This perfectly shows how levels in 2.1 get rated only for decorations, this is just wrong
comment flagged as clam.                                                                     (pearl)
after dying at 50% no one is going to play the level again - its so damn boring
G (1 G because half of the level)
i knew robtop's standards were low, but this low? come on
how does this get rated?  The deco is bad, the gameplay is non-existant
too repetetive
minceraft pocke edition
How did this shit get rated
robs standards are lowered for famous creators. If it waslike this for everyone more people with cp
very hypocretical pocke. you call other levels garbage yourself lol
which mod chose to send this to robtop?
This level was very boring, I dont understand how this level got featured
this song is gold
i didn't hacked this comment so you can like it..
En que momento
feels more like an 8 star to me
Interesting level!
I one attempted a 9 star and sometimes can't one attempt a 4 star.
MINELEVEL
ball part swag 
this is fairly original tbh
i am not going to lie gameplay could be slightly improved in the first parts other than that GREAT 
2nd coin is so hard
yo aqui para las coins
great level bro
My fingers are destroyed,while I was get second coin
GG! :)
the wave is so hard for me 
GG 18 attempts. It looks like remake of Tripple Flask by Experience D.
gg!!
friend, I have a message for you, look at my profile and always be happy: 3
woa GG ;D 2 coins solo me falto la 2da :)
<3    pass: 1457 :)
mandei! ;)
GG! This is really good! Epic worthy?
its evident that you put a LOT of care into each and every part. excellent job dude, this bangs
really interesting level! maybe not that polished, but still pretty :)
Cool concept, some parts feel really empty though. However, I can see the effort.
very nice :D
Epic
this is so good!!
Amazing
Coin: At 43% At the bottom.
Awesome level!
enois
come on roptop.. this one deserves epic 
bye bro ;-; take care..
I love both its gameplay and its deco and effects but I do recommend an LDM
I am NOOB NOOB NOOB NOOB NOOB NOOB NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOB.
empty > clean, please ;)
Abstracto.
pls turn this into a wave
The year is 2023. Split72 has been a mod for a good 8 months, and has overthrown Viprin as Top 1
end art is so cool, how do you make something so intricate and detailed??
tfw you make a level called purple circle but request 7 stars and not 8
added the logo and the """""end art"""""
Only 110 more features before you pass Viprin - should be able to get there in a week or so
LOL I FORGOT THE LOGO
i played to the end to see this end art yall were talking about, i agree it is incredible 
was expecting a wave part ._.
ball part is probably hardest
GG! 88888 stars =)
pretty cool and original level, loved this!
:purple_circle:
The circle is indeed purple
GG 1 attempt, great level. Very original both in terms of deco and gameplay 8)
This 7 stars...
someone who actually knows how to use arrows to indicate to the player where they need to go
The end art..... its so beautiful...
yo pensand que era un nine circles pero ta bien uwu
THANOS CIRCLES?!?!?! *GONE WRONG*
Its so fun too! (why did i die here lol)
reduce flashes but fye deco most of the time
are 4 and 5* getting harder or am i just turning back into a noob
I like your ideas and designs, just try to be neater, and reduce flashes more, thx for dedication!
1st coin: Miss the green orb at 20%. 2nd coin: Jump at 60% to hit a trigger. 3rd coin: Trigger  @87%
porque la ballena no se llena?? porque va, llena XDDDD
no o w*rd allowed
no o w*rd allowed
3 att, 1 coin. What a beautiful lvl.
no o w*rd allowed
ofc i liked it :) gg
ya russkiy, ypoBeHb cJIuIIIKoM HenoHRTHbIN
no o*word allowed :x:
next: regeneration
nice level :)
very nice lvl c:
Thanks for dedication!
just one word:                                                       EPIC
G
33.000 stars!
Wow, cool level! I love the colors and the vibes :D
Really nice job, always nice to see a fast-paced level that still feels fair and readable.
CLAIM YOUR BEFORE FEATURED TICKETS HERE
Claim your I hate these type of comments here ticket
OMG MY FIRST RATED LEVEL... thansk rubb and mods and people who sent to mods
Ugly gameplay
I loved the gameplay but honestly I have seen a lot of demons easier than this
this is NOT a 7* star
GG! :)
honestly 9 star
colon
i wanna kms this gameplay is so bad
wooooooooooow Gg insane 8 ??? :D
Trash
this is a cool lvl thus is an obvious easy demon #BeforeRate
This levels nice!
If In Silico was lvl 1
should be a demon
claim your why everyone do that joke ticket
GG! Not playtested whatsoever
bad gameplay
if i get two likes i will be top comment right now
Who needs a secret way for an easy level tho
1coin: touch the green light and follow the arrows//3coin: touch the top of the wave
Coin 1: Touch green thing 5% and avoid portal 16% Coin 2: Doubleclick 57% Coin 3: Touch ceiling 67%
i love themed levels, especially ocean ones
My most downloaded level ever... Thanks everyone
really cool concept
Not bad :)
forgot to mention: the first cube part was inspired in melodic travel
nice
why is this rated 5 stars?gg 14 attempts lol
i had to do some sorta timing to do this yellow jump orb and orange jump orb this intentional?
so pretty lvl gg
coin nr3 go up immidiatelly as u enter  the wave section and a coin will appear later in the wave
coin nr1 dodge the first mini portal then the cube one coin nr2 get the heart at the spider 
huh
esto es muy relajante xd
Hidden road at minicube, fix it up pls!!
secret way :)
hey rob, demons please its been over 100 rates since the last demon 
I hate that stupid ball part.
i reuploaded because i mispelled the title at first lol
Man that ball part is super hard to read lmao
oh ok thats why. anyways, great level
but why...why is the song 22mb
I don't think I've played a level as soul-warming as this one. Great map.  (:
A bit better, shows more effort but the backward ball is really annoying
Spikes on the ball part are very small and have not correct colour. It's hard to see that. :/
u just have to ruin the entire level by putting the ball part :/
ew
GG 8000 User Coins :).
these color coices are so weird man
the ball part is kinda shit
stulid ball
FINALLY.
ash mains unite ;)
Trippy levle
did you build the ball part with copy and paste (no i dont hate it cuz i died i just find it lazy)
Lol everyone hates the ball part; I do too since I've crashed so many times... Cool level though :)
cycles
chill and amazing level. Beatiful decoration and good gameplay (8/10). I quess, its can be epic rat
"dont jump"    me: I should jump
youve improved so much :D great job dude
Cool, but it's pretty repetitive. Also try to lower the opacity tones with some details
1 att GG! Love it when it lags so much I might as well be speed hacking
:/
bug
YOOOOO
told you it would get rated
GG Souless nice level :D
weird bug at 66. just got launched into the ceiling after hitting green orb. idk why
Alguien ya se pasa Yatagarasu xd
;3
Amazing Level :D :D
etgx prents
gg
laggy af
gg
good level
this level is full of letters that r spelt wrong etc the name and etgx prents
Not a single person on earth cares if you were here before rate
this is the part where i say "this layout was made by *WHO*??????!?!??!?!"
someone needs to send this. #ratelnuxer
So nice to see people getting their first CP's.
i really hate this community, the worst thing about them is they want levels to get unrated 
Nice Level!!
Really nice, love the gameplay! <3
THIS LOOKS SO FCKING GOOD
By nutt? who is this imposter
I love it! Thanks for dedication (again)!
Sent to mods :)
WOW.this level is soo Epic :D
this is pretty cool ;^)
if you see dislikes you know its nornide
Nice to give their 1st cp to peoples ! Congrats on 1st cp Zexer ! :)
really good!
finally this dude gets the CP he deserves
I Love it! :^)
Incredible gameplay as always Nutt, and as for the design, Im really diggin this. Sending to modz
new update...
9 PLS
9 PLS
8 stars to be honest lol
9 PLS
9 PLS
oh yea the chain stopped
9 PLS
9 PLS
9 PLS
9 PLS
9 PLS
9 PLS
9 PLS
chupame un huevo 9pls
9 PLS
9 PLS
9 PLS
9 PLS
9 PLS
9 PLS
GG, 10th cp's, 11/02/21.
pero la deco es muy limpia y tiene buenos efectos :o , mejora un poco las transiciones xd
I had not been able to get the level due to the unlisted bug, but I was finally able to get it!
GG! 4,200 user coins and 16,500 stars <3
Heres a 50 like icon oh wait
GG! :)
cool
even when you have the unlisted bug, never give up hope <3
mmmmm las trancisiones :/
Great job on this! :)
transition smh
Pass is 050221 
GGGGG BROOO
Nice.
a
this was literally playtested by a braindead person.
Hermoso nivel :D!
Felicidades bro.
Callate, Sylvano, pero si tiene razon en lo de la optimizacion.
las transiciones dejan que desear... sin embargo es un buen nivel :) Sylv es gay UwU ust si que sabe
reject society, return to tre.
No I'm Wulzy
I dont wanna turn into paper bro.
*happy photosynthetic noises*
While this doesn't quite progress anywhere, the heightened atmospheric focus works with your style.
you are a tree
pov: you are a tree
you are a tree
No, I am Squall. I destroy the trees! *maniacal cackling*
face reveal
how did you know?
tree powers activate!!
then water me
team trees
I am a tree
guys I'm a tree                                                                                 pog
you are a tree
Pretty chill lvl! I really appreciate this dope 5* lvl! Noice! Thanks! GG! <3 Love, yours, P0SITIV3
im a tree now, i guess
lol
Who else will be lonely?
Lovely could be a good description for this haha
Fun fact: la creadora del nivel resulto ser creador 
I love this <3
bonito
Adios Trans!!! :)
Not bad, work on your gameplay.
ojala y nunca vuelvas
Joder que bueno que se fue, una rata menos
A ticket before Valentine and featured here ->
Dislike this level
Es hora de quemar el nivel que me diste :D
like y tendras el corazon de ella :)
pasen contexto porfas D:
SandyTac Is Men XD
Like if you are lonely on Valentines day.
GG valentines day <3
ultra chulo el nivel :)
Muy bonito! c:
Nice 
Play this in windowed mode in the smallest resolution for the extra funny
FIRST Lo!!!!!!!!!!!11L
at 52% if you click above the cube face, the endscreen will say gayscale haha hilarious ! 
dark tiddys
Unique but frustrant
why
Would be much better without limited vision 
73,000 stars :)
favorite song
OHHHHH SO YOU HAVE TO QCTUALLY HAVE AN IDEA TO MAKE A GOOD LEVEL THATS WHAT I DID WRONG
Blocked vision whole level is very obnoxious, looks good tho
I know this is an unpopular opinion, but I actually like the gameplay alot :^)
A claustraphobic's worst nightmare.
im thirttsy
47 attempts opposite of fun
what could arrows do
pogers
Awesome!
what happened to squares jumping over triangles
pretty annoying, gg
anti haram level
If you want to get rid of the flashes, just turn the music all the way down :)
this level was kinda inspired by cat pee by jayuff as well
i commented this for fun
i love when little random kids become toxic in the awarded comment section
For 2.0 this is really awesome idea, good job!
There we go. I was right about my last theory. Still pretty cool stuff
cat pee
thanks!
first victor, great use of limitations (=
@quinu agreed this is not at all haram :pensivedemon:
GG! All coins :)  Annoying level
Yo! The way you used the pulsing objects is really creative! Reminds me of Pulse by Texic. Cool lvl!
aye this was created on my gdps :)
@playerofpower99 im glad you understand and are not some random kid who says "huhu yo copy and paste
77 attempts pero 100% gg
yo sick
GG 88,000 Stars! <3
veyr ncie
wow very good lvl !
i farted
like wo0lys comment
Fun Fact: You can skip some gravity portals at the beginning
gaming
Pretty good! Gameplay needs some bit of work :)
why does the top comment only have 1 like
i love the effects ...but please...not good gameplay
PASS : 137900
Best level of February
Is it just me or do those sawblades at the start look nice
Suppression "Super-Ego"☆
TOUHOU. IS. NOT. AN. ANIME.
kawaii desuu
koishi kawaii
Where id the girls
awww
Ferrocaril
very nice
Gravity portal skip LOL
matmart gang
The gameplay is so bad. The first ship is playable and then it goes downhill.
Hope you all enjoy!
Robtop cant tell who sent the level lol
looks very good, but the gameplay need some work in case of balancing.
Marco is skinny boi
nice deco but bad traslations/gameplay :/
DABABY
GG! 78,000 Stars :)
LOL
less goooo
Marco looks a lot like Miguel from Coco
GG!
the art is fantastic
45.646eme stars
Dang, poor Marco......
(tbh) you should improve... but i love the decoration :3
A week ago, i played this on twitch, it was not featured, here i am one week later
From GD thailand
beautiful level. GG! :^)
nice
this was hard
i miss auto levels like these
CP!!!!!!
Thats weird, I dont remember taking acid
imagine if this wasnt an auto 0_0
Who else came from Dorami?
could become the 16th epic auto
for the entirety of this level i was thinking how good of an extreme demon it could be
yoo i showed this to my brother and he thought it was so cool he did a little dance
"This level killed my eyes" -Dora the Moderator 2021
Dude this is insane! :^)
when i played this level with my brother he started dancing on the floor all funny!!!!!! :joy:
you call this flashy? HA
Like if you came from dorami
Why did you need someone to verify this?
O_O ---> X_X
an actual auto level, I missed these so much <3
Fun Fact: "Effekt" is the german translation for "Effect"
unauto this and you get an extrem demon
imagine if it wasnt auto, extreme demon right there
totally a crepe moment
shut up vexes7
Today I got asked to "go out" with 20 girls,  that was because I was in the women's bathroom
was promised crepes, instead got a stellar level. 0/10
t3z I don't come here often, but when I do I usually talk for a few minutes and play a couple levels
If the purge is real Im killing my doctor 1st, no one touches my balls and gets away with it
where do you live
Yes an more unknown creator got the daily! Awesome level and great song choice as well!  :)
If I spent more than 1 attempt on this I'd go crazy
I'm finally free from daily chat
la crepe pour la chandeleur xD
BLACK PEOPLE ARE AWESOME
I'm gonna head off for today, hope everyone has a good day/night ^_^
MASSIVE improvements from your previous levels. great job :)
this is the reason why shampoo has intructions
Gameplay: 10/10
vegetable smoothies have carrot juice am i wrong
I'd grab onto your arse cheeks as my movements get faster~~ ok no
Just say I love crepes. Inspirational quote by Jean Gerard
When is Nintendo finally going to publish Nintendoritos
hey mom look i did it
lmao i went to the bathroom and came back to 187 discord pings
Congrats on your first two CP's!
geraldwhite shit pants
slick
ok i changed my mind
remove the p from the name
thanks for all the nice comments everyone this is so nuts omg
sorry ill stop flexing my ufo lmao
this is really fun and I love that kinda scratched chrome block design, it's really creative :)
thanks for the pink likes
gg itzabunny and im glad i could help
200 likes amicoolyet
This is...swag. Dont call him cringe for working hard for this. He deserves it
Congrats home slice
lets not spam our levels and jnstead congratulate tbese ppl on there levels getting rated
when i got my first cp it was 26th December at 4:06 AM
@dashiell10 YES but yu can beg for someone who has no cp :)
Great level! You really showed how non-demon gameplay can also be fun and intense!
iM nOt BeGgInG iM jUsT hArDlY sUgGeStInG
design is really cool but the gameplay gets progressively more annoying and unsightreadable
this is really really fun, good work :)
1 2 3 4 5 6 8 9 SHIT
WAIT WHAT?! I GOT MY FIRST DAILY! ,,O,O,,
like if youve never felt the warmth of a woman !!
So Am I A Hacker?
never had any contact with my school friends ever since the first lockdown
A verb is something you can do. Example: Your Mom
smoking cum in mecca
Amazingowa plansza I like it :D
Oh My Glow I just got my second epic! :OOO Thanks to all of you Ari, Dami, Patchi, Nekon and daveQ!!
Pass = day.month.year of upload :)
Like if gay, dislike if gay
repost if you farted
who else wanna return to monke?
150 people die from coco nuts falling on their heads
the gameplay is so bad man but otherwise its sick...
pass is 030221:3
one of the only glow levels i can say has soul and originality put into it
Herobrine takes drugs?
good level)
Last wave feels like easy demon gameplay
slava ukraine
this is SOOOOO disgustingly unbalanced.
Esli russkiy postav like:)))
to the top, at the top, through the top
[Me encanta el nivel y la sync comparte mis gustos]  8)
ez dmon
Mayu Mayu
gg, work on transitions and last quarter of the level is overall very annoying
GG!
gg 29 attempts. Nice easy demon
love your levels
Russia :L
russian anthem
Cool !
super unbalanced
cool
nice :)
This level gives me incredible amounts of anxiety.
                                                                                                 uwu
gameplay could be better but the design itself is amazing
the gameplay is just awful
Nice
I dont like the gameplay :/
LDM added and bug fixed!
minimo ponle un low detail el lag no se soporta...
pass - 871100, like?)
GG! :)
Wanna here a joke?       Geometry dash hitboxes
So many bugs :c
Nice!
there is a bug in the double part...but it's jerky :)
Fun Fact: You can pass that first part without hitting the trigger orb lol
mrbeast will be #1 right guys
bruh, lag be like
demon
gameplay could be better
Nivel de mierda
poof
if 2.2 does not come out by june, I will fly over to sweden and fart in robtops face
Cool
lmfao this level punishes people for using LDM
98% Coin! Don't Go!! ;-;                                                                            
top
Shit
yer welcome
WOAH DISLIKE BOT ON MY COMMENT WTF?
STONK YOU
Like for 2.2 this year :D
Cubic got like botted lol
is this dudes whole life just creating lol
Simple but really fun! Really charming style and I love all the satisfying movements. Bonus points for playing around with the ""physics""
ever have to twerk on the toilet to get that piece of poop to fall off
Reality check: This man is now in the top 10 creators.. 
I WILL DRINK YOUR MIND!!!!!!!!
Like if you went for coin 
Found this gem in the recents tab. They cant all be bad.
I like how different all the parts are. This level feels alive
even in the coldest if nights  I eat my own cum
I laughed so hard seeing this rated knowing that he can't be in the 2 cp only collab.
It was a pleasure sending this to Mods.. Concratulations dude!
this gameplay is just bad
Not being able to see the obstacles is a sign of bad gameplay. The foreground effect doesn't help.
im pretty sure ive never seen a positive comment from koopazu
so how am i supposed to beat this?
rate Still Life by Empika
effects make this gameplay annoying tbh
YESSSSSS
@Negativeinvert tysm! <3 ;)
gg
6TH PAGE FEATURE LETS FRIKIN GOOOOOOOOO
Yo, check out my newest level: 67067844
@Negativeinvert <3
banger
thanks @Flame75 ;)
WOO IT GOT RATED!!
This is actually really good. It's a solid 9*. Shouldn't be easy demon as most easy demons are 8*
YEEEEEEEEEEES GGGGG MMATTHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
GG! :)
Here before JustJohn comments
gamer
when i die to me
justjohn by moffer ...  fresh by crashyy by joenuh ...  these are confusing times
Eric VAN wilderman? Eric is a van confirmed
What if i became the daily level? :flushed:
opta send pog, rate tomorrow probably
56-59% is bullsh*t
FAIL!!
JustMoffer
Amazing copy n paste
Sorry but I don't like the ball orb spam
Nice art of your icons.
im half way through my english exam but thank you all!
YESSSSS THANK YOU IM SOOO HAPPY
GG, 26,000 stars!
gamig
guve this daily pls
btw there isnt a level called moffer by justjohn, look at mofferoni tho ;)
the  50% blue orbs part is aids. not even with spam you can pass it. also pls add ldm
Nice level! Im at your front door
Honestly, this isn't bad :)
I wish it had been more detailed. Nice use of effects and movements though.
gg esto merece ser featured!
Just 12 days later to the Valentine day, cant wait to see that day :)
i love this, the subtle glitch effects are perfectly executed
<3
exelente nivel GG all coins 2 att
I dunno why but this level made my day
feature no because of secret way. to get to it, spam in the beginning
Primer intento, te dije que tienes potencial!
no tengo amigos :{
Your rate of improvement from magma fresh is unreal
1 att
Nice!
1 att , all coins and pretty good level bro keep it ;D
esta buenazaaa el nivel 
... Someone needs to send this... ;-;
Secret Way fixed, if you see any other bug, please tell me :D
Maybe could use a little more detail. I really like this level and hope it gets featured soon
Incredible work as always
One of my favorite 2.1 levels, you guys did amazing!
This level is brought to you by NordVPN
nexus is the best player ever like yes dislike no
flashback to the crossword puzzle i put the team through to get the level out
Password is 020121. I hope this help you :)
An undeniable masterpiece.
Somebody tell Endev to finish part
Sick :D
epic
Absolutely incredible work again :)
pass is : 020121 top comment pls :)
Incredible job on the theming to all of the members! Seriously a shining example of a quality collab
this feels like a nerfed extreme
POP OFF GUYS
flows nicely but THE TRANSITIONS OMG
YEAAAAA
ULDM DOES NOT WORK
medium demon,i sure!
this is clean and fun to play!
mOrE dEmOnS L8R I neEd To MaKe ChIckEn tO eAt
Thata wasa guuuuuud chicken
You are, still, one of the most underrated creators IN THE GALAXY
hotel? trivago
The pandemic stopped me from travelling to Tokyo, but this is just as good
Like for NoobLookingPro, dislike for Viprin
Alright, if this is Medium, why does it feel just as hard as some of my Hard Demons.
Tokyo is my city
make this a hard demon yo
wait wtf nooooo its medium demon now :(((((
wtf re rate this robtop thats a hard demon
should be hard demon
A random comment appeared
#TOKYOTOURHARDDEMON
hard demon
NO!!! THIS LEVEL WAS ONE OF MY FIRSTS HARD DEMONS! NOOOOO
Very cool, GG
not medium >:(
THIS IS NOT A MEDIUM
:fire:
I was so hyped for this level! It turned out amazing!!!! I really hope, this will get epic!! :)
QEFLTQDGL7WFL7FGL7DSLG7LDSYLDCYFEQYLFEOYEFOYEFLYFELYLYEL2FYL2EFYLEFYL2JLECLJ2ECLHDCLJQH
1st coin: grab the key at the bottom 16%, 2nd coin: grab the keys in 34% and 48% 3rd coin:key in 57%
my horrible optimization, exposed...
lagging so bad that the music finished when i was at 87%. im on rtx 2070 btw lmao
all coryxkenshin fans stand up rn
wake up wake up wake up wake up wake up wake up wake up wake up wake up wake up wake up wake up wake up wake up wake up wake up wake up wake up wake u
doesnt lag at all?? this runs really smooth        anyways sick level, should have been epic
Samurai STAND UPP
wait how did a comment saying random things got 2nd place
wow this is epic!
Thank you :)
epico
pass is 858585
GG! 3 coins
You win a BRAND NEW CAR
THE PRICE IS RIGHT
stroompwaffel
dang
i love this lvl but the lvl doesnt love me
suggesting is ok but don't beg tho yea
Coin: don't press the green orb at the ship part, and fly right in the middle of a platform in 66%
If you want to hide a coin, at least give a hint for it, or let the player download the level
triggers. That's almost spending 1 and half hour looking for a coin. Don't do that next time
this is not an 8 star, this is at least an easy demon
coin ?
good good
Great!
the first time i read it said xo i was like WHAT
how how how 
Dude, I spent 579 attempts looking for that coin. Since I can't download the level to find hidden...
She in love with the concept
people call this demon because it has timings. 8 star is fine.
WHY DOES IT END WITH A MIRROR PORTAl
good level but with some bugs
Some parts like ball one could have better polishing but overall great work! :)
how do i report comments?
like if you died at 14%
ultra super mega turbo extremo lag Xddd
prob one of my favorite levels in recent times just for the shear VIBE it has
why wasnt this epic?
Pops!
The level looks amazing, but I keep dying with invisible things each time I go to a portal.
Tus niveles siempre me dan tanta felicidad, GG :)
Swag
Maravilloso Nivel Amigo :D
cyberpunk 2.11
deserves epic
the intro to this level is amazing
1 like = 1 chance to epic
everyone comparing this to xender game but forgetting about stubbypinata smh
why didnt get epic!
Deco>gameplay. Fun yet sync could be better
This level is criminally underrated. Should be epic
holy shit this deco is insanely good
GG! :) 10 Attempts! 34600 User Coins!
This is really pretty and well made! The style looks a bit like a YouTube artist I watch, very cool.
Who liked it the most?
AMAZING !!!!!!!!!! :)
GG, incredible level!
Hot as fire because fire is hot
yes
Nooooooo
Noice noice
@Asima, unless you call the fire department. nice level btw
GG All coins. This was fun for an insane level. For 1st coin: Go up at 11%.
Overuse song of the year
Feature worthy! :)
im pretty sure the Z was backwards
Do you get the feeling when you just play a level and look at it and say : man, i wish i made that.
GG! 66,000 Stars :)
gg! enjoyed, but this feels more like a 6 or 7 star
Make copy, put Gunslinga song. Offset is 20. Have Fun!
i don't understand the guy below me XD
@teal: XD i didnt even notice that
pretty decent. i kinda think this might be daily
Nice :)
really cool
GG 22 att w/ 1st and 3rd coins :)
i did it
Guide for 1st coin: once you pick the 3 keys, touch the square orb in 27%~28% a bit late and done ;)
Thank you :)
Coin 2: Collect 2 mini coins at 37% and at 46% Coin 3: Do not tap at 59%
best level in recent tho.
deco is really nice but god...the gameplay is AWESOME, had a lot of fun playing it! good job
when i played this, it felt kinda hard and expected to crash any moment.           oh wait i crashed
this is not a 6 star lol
@Cerby48 it literally says at the bottom of the level screen smh
o//o este gameplay es divino
( I have hacked this commet if you like you gain percent) try it :)
GG
GG y muy divertido el gameplay :D
Ive beat this so many times its so fun
Fun gameplay :D
Best Spider Gameplay ive seen in my 400hrs of playing this game
GG All coins finally. The 1st coin, & the last part of the dual were the most annoying parts imo.
I have no idea what was going on, but it kept working.
just browsing the featured page, wbu?
good gameplay and all but that wave sucks ass
Really satisfying xD
geometry dash is so hard to play while taking a sh!t
Not bad 8)
Glad you tried something new finally
super fun!
Coin: Do not tap at 46%
I want this to be a daily
free stars tbh cuz is okay 5 stars
GG! 50,200 stars, and all of your levels complete :)
When I beat this level i deblock all chest in the vault of chest finaly 248/248 gg 
i love it, really cool
68 Attemps, GG Nice Level and Epic Music!!
GG)
gg (go test "Spark" ez demon)
please do some demons for a  bit :)
same Dashiell
GG!
easy harder 7 
:)
this is very nice, should be epic
Normal 3* ig
based galaxity
Once again, I am proud of ya, my boy!
Someone probably got to the wave part and said nope
gg! So much improvement!
Ongegungan
pass is 932587 likes?
i love this
now in 3d
GG on mobile! 104 att :D
+3CP
So good 
this is an easy demon what??
this is a nice Hard Demon. Nice job!
lol how did this get rated insane demon? Hey, I'll take it hah
pretty coolog
what binary said
111 attemps btw
awesome stuff
Should this be demon? like if yes
friend, I have a message for you, look at my profile and always be happy: 3
GG! 90k stars =)
mi celular esta agradecido de tu nivel
ElMatoSAWG qwq Gracias por dedicarlo bro <333333
aca esperando el comentario de hate de atmospher, gg hazzr
Bruh i keep thinking thats a ship portal
huh
Amo esta cancion like si tu tambien  uwu
me gane un icono con ewte nivel
GG! 8 attempts :)
yo tambien  amo esta cancion q hast boy hacer un collab de toda esta  cancion 
All coins collected! GG ;)
BONITO NIVEL
GG! but i hate hard jump on 84%
GG 3 COINS
GG 2 attemps and 3 coins
gg
gg saturn
GG 1K user coins :)
GG! 12300 stars + 3 coins, 2 attempts. Nice level :)
Beautiful!
the first jump is evil
Coin: Find keys at 3%, 9%, 17%, 29%, 53%, 76%, 79%, 85%, go through portal at 93%. What a coin tbh
why do creators still use invisible speed changes??? its 2021 not 2015 lmao
like if you died in the 0%
epic is kinda questionable tbh lol, good but improve your gameplay
I HATE THE TRANSITION
that first jump is sooooo annoying
Very nice color combo's! Gameplay is definitely much better than your previous stuff too :)
GG 30K attempts cuz of the damn spike at the beginning
Thank you everyone for 100.000 downloads!
not to be rude but why is this epic? cool level but not epic worthy imo
wow this got rated fast
buen nivel gg
GGGGG
gg fun gameplay, cool song and cool design
gg
Very good decorations!
HOLY EPIC BRO GG
GG Top 52! :)
good level actually but gp is weird and the first jump is annoying af... idk if it deserves epic
01101111 = 111
There are some bugs around, but overall pretty cool and interesting level :)
no me olvides cuando estes en la cima
Gab hermano no olvides al barrio cuando estes en lo alto
155,000 Stars, GG! :)
the cube at 40% is very annoying
Definitely the worst gameplay i ever seen this year congratz!
thank you all for your support, i am doing the best i can to fix bugs, thxx :)
really cool! my only problem is that in the mid part of the lvl its hard to tell what color the orbs are
mi amigo... te empiezan a olvidar.jpg
gab no me olvides cuando estes en la cima
A Day On The Sun by PompYin is one BANGER of a song! Whos with me?
22 likes to top so, like if you are a human person.
good job gab! for your next level i would work more on sight readable gp and transitions. 
The buggy gameplay completely ruins the experience of this level. Fluke from 48%. gg mobile
#781 - 96 attempts :)
your description says "so far"
Nice
I give up. The gameplay is just to buggy. I love the effects but please fix the bugs.
01110010 = 114
Bro this gameplays is so bad 
not fun gameplay
gg 15 attempts annoying ending
very awkward gameplay and looks very unpolished - add more structures to fill in space and playtest the level more please
bad gp in the end and overall
Jassy leera esto , Ola chat UwU
the last part is a ufo challenge XDDD
Rate D by grizzley is cool nivel
okay the intro gameplay is a tad buggy, however the deco is really nice and overall a good lvl gg :)
Top 3 in stars, GG! :)
Ta Nice
"dont tap!"       *taps*
i used to think the fire around a difficult y icon ment it was harder than the others haha 
Extremely buggy and too much detail for no reason
gg
tbh the only "good" things about this level are the blocks, and even then they got copy pasted to a point where each sections would have 4 different s
Yikes :|
Yooo congrats my friend!! :)
gameplay is a bit buggy
Visibly unplaytested garbage. Probably among the worst epic levels in the game.
this will be what, the third time this has been reuploaded xD
hi i hosted this
LOL HOW GG THANKS ROB <3
GG! 79,000 Stars :)
Why do people with CP not fix their 3d
Btw, this was made by ausk and more, I just fixed some stuff and got perms from ausk to reupload :)
no cream
that is my name
amazing!
I IS HERE
msm??
Ronlix's part ruins the level, not bad tho
AYO POP OFF LG
Level: Enjoy! Me: Yes i will enjo- *dies*
Nice level
this is def gonna get you CP
sus
Pls rob check Shock Therapy by Edooox
.
hi i made the last part yes
Cool visuals :)
Roses are red. Violets are blue. Daily chat. I am ashamed of you.
Fun until the bossfight
Click for featured ---------------------------->
this level is amazing, hope this gets rated
I know the gameplay in the bossfight isn't great but if you follow the green arrows you will be fine
Like if u think this level is cool :)
hot :fire:
GG! :)
this level is so gonna get rated
hey its me!
Very cool :)
GG, bossfight was a bit unbalanced, other than that it was pretty poggers
Awesome! :D
Bossfight is a little unfair but the rest of the level is fun!
me like cool level song = amazing level=awsome
this level is great
incredible level!
feature worthy
Mind yo business
mrspaghetti is first ~~
10/10 GAMEPLAY :D
making fun gameplay for a crazy fast song like this is quite impressive, gg :)
'here before its featured' card! God, this is amazing! :)
Gg! 17,000 ESTRELLAS =D [28/01/2021]
first try. 141 total clicks. 166 jumps.
your levels are a star grinder's dream coming true; super fun and readable gameplay, and free coins
J'adore ce niveau ! Vraiment epic gameplay ^^
GG All coins & very fun gameplay as always :).
Gameplay is very fun, deco is beautiful, Epilepsy seizure chance 10/10 and just really fun! 45 Atts!
I love You Style! <3
hydren is the best creator like if you agree
fun/10
Wow! this is great! hope robtop notices! Good job anyway!
Absolutely best gameplay and easy to get coin (10/10)
all coins, 2 atts amazing and fun level all your rated levels done again!
there is an imposter among us
100,000 stars, GG! :)
Absolutely awesome, great work!
amazing and fun as always. 44 stars
i see this in recent...
UPDATE: No more secret way, sorry guys :)
fun but unreadable, the indicators are random and not actually where you jump :v
if youre not making a level for fun why are you making it
usually when theres an arrow it means to junp
La pass es 02021 :) quiero likes xD
GG with coin. For coin: Don't tap the green orb at 66% for the key.
geroi krut,pyan i Ohlabistin
I've been waiting for someone to make a level with this song since it came out
Extremely well made level with stunning visuals! Super fun to play, huge props!!
why the fug this is 4 star, its should be 6 star
Simple and amazing. Every parts feels unique and it's so much fun! Absolutly love it! :D
How is this not an epic feature?!
I love this level
GG!!!!
.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAA The Best <3
GG! 30 attempts :)
for every like i will literally do nothing
gg
why are creators incapable of making good transitions
this has to get rated
pretty chill level, I wish it had a more consistent theme as some of the parts didn't really fit
I love it <3
I had to complete it in mobile with smooth fix, terrible lag
I can't do more than this, terrible lag
I remember this. Honestly you really deserve cp
Lag
woah theres like no likes :o
looks like it was supposed to be a demon
4 CP!
GG! :)
so relaxing
69k stars. what a funny number. :v
chill level but last ship is hard :)
cool! :)
i love round things uwu
GG! :)
7 star also transitions suck
why is the last ship part harder than everything combined, 3 atts
Yoooo I sent this earlier
this has an oddly great visual appeal
if i just entered couldn't i turn around and leave
Damn Among Us 2 looks lit
Love the theme
this will be daily later 
the gameplay is... strange
fishes will rule the galaxy!!!
very interesting combination of glow and art style
The sequel, Space Rush II, is out!
Begining ball part bad imo but rest fire
EPIC!!!!!!!!!!!
67889 was the password but you cant copy
this deservs more attention
did anybody else die here or am i just stupid
If someone have seen Madness Combat, the song of this level looks familiar ;)
wulzy sent this bruh☆
very nice lvl.Congratulations for getting feature!!!!))))))))
PARA RECORDAR :)
wow
Fantastic job conveying your emotions, every effect fits the song stunningly! GG! :)
i'm doing quite well, thanks for asking
hi yakob how r u
hi rockwizard
time to see some nexus spam
first
ROB RATE THIS EASY DEMON EPIC RIGHT NOW!
neat n fun :)
creative
I think this rockwizard guy is pretty good at the whole creating thing
That's awesome man
i can smell nexus editing the video
Not a fan of the gameplay. Motivation was definitely better
And to think this is only his second level
tou ghfey
i hate this level
Why is this medium ?
Those who say Motivation was better clearly didn't play without Low Detail Mode. GG! Deserves Epic!!
It has really good deco and gameplay, though I think this leans more towards a 9*.
I wish i hadn't died past 80 like 10 times
I swear to god you are the most forgettable creator with over 75 cp I have ever seen
nice!
GG All coins. For 1st coin: Hit the black orb at 17%-18% for the coin route.
lmao the hate is a bit much,  yeah its not epic worthy but yall dont need to be so butthurt tbh
Nice level bro:3
Bueno soy re pelotudo, todo bien ustedes?
designs are copy pasted throughout the level and looks very effortless, definitely shouldn't be epic
very good..   but        not epic...... tbh
the epic is  much for this level tbh some recent levels are better and are just featured
my level has 11 sends
such beautiful decoration for such crappy gameplay
pass is 172000
no way this got epic
sasageyo sasagayo chinzou sasagayo
why? epic? bruh...                                                                                 
no epic
hermoso ;)
great song and great level GG
if a mod comments above me i will shove my head in a bag of patotoes
El EPIC es para debiles...
Thank you so much! <3
this needs to get featured
YOOO MY LVL GOT MAGIC AGAIN?? XDD
just gonna say the ship part was inspired by olly the fbi turtle, much better tho. he asked first(:
im more happy that this got rated than my one lmao
moffer
this is getting rated, if it doesnt in gonna hunt down rob and make him rate it
great!
level least be like:moffer by belastet and belastet by moffer.        lmao and bruh
this one next,,
Fun Fact: this level was finished after 2/3 days
original
if this gets rated then my lungs will explode...
GG! :)
FUNNY RATE
rate send by opta :/
2nd rated level with Moffer in the title
gg wow
This is too easy to be 6 stars
epic
Topert approves
so did you just take gameplay from a bunch of different levels? what?
why does the second part's gp look exactly like my level idk's gp? wish there were more credit for it |=
robala topala
please for the love of god stop putting invisible platforms in your transitions they are not helping
every time rob comments, its 99% probable you wont get top comment
Topert Ropala
@AquaFlame Are you gonna dislike RobTop 27 times?
the gameplay at the drop ruined the experience for me dayum this levels hott
poshel nahyu maffaka cyka 
Drop gp makes me wanna throw up but the designs r very cool :) this better get rated 
Robala Topala.
I wonder if I can get top comment.... Nah Rob has it.
I think you at least should have asked to use their gp. Looks cool tho!
GG! :)
i like how your color blind but still make good color
version: 15....
Password is: 555555 ;3
GG! :) 27 Attempts!
this is example how NOT to do. Nice gameplay causes more bugs.
seks
i really dig this
OMG OMG OMG ITS RATED I HAVE CP HOLY COW
A bit unpolished but gets better as it progresses and it is creative and charming. Sent :)
Even if the beginning isn't incredible, this level's great tension through movement makes up for it.
A little messy, but it has a really nice charm to it. I like this
big fan of this :]
ayyyy u/anonymousgdplayer congrats!
This is so cool! Could've been more polished, but the attention to detail is insane! GG! :)
its been an honor to be a part of this great project, had a fun time playtesting
I loved playtesting this! Looking forward to a feature.
GGs Great!
finna do this for the decult
pass 314159 like
still no rate? I'm disappointed :P
finally rated
gg, swag level :)
GG! :)
Why is the first coin so hard lol
Like if u came from reddit :)
Good stuff
Amazing job! Great colors, effects, and gameplay! GG!
Fantastic gameplay
very interesting
Ok NVM pass is 123456
My peen peen hurts
GG! Loved the level, hope it gets featured soon!
GFIRST
Very fun! Sweet level :)
me want my stars now >:(
why am i wasting my time on this. i literally cant even beat ElectroDynamix
why does this level have so little likes
a fun insane demon with a good ldm? what?
best insane demon
OMG GG I didnt die past 72%...So freaking lucky. Amazing gameplay with a lot of precise holding.
incredible gameplay with unique effects, an amazingly made level, cant wait for the rate.
YEEEEES, 229 DEMONS, 2ND INSANE DEMON, NEW HARDEST, IM SO HAPPY, BEAT AT THE SCHOOL CAFE LOL
Very cool level!Thanks!
Before R8 :^)
This is Cold Sweat and Black Blizzard but easier
Fun gameplay :)
Cool!
Ok this is epic :O
Yummy theory!
Nice =)
epic
very good!
Looks dope
pass is 010121
This is so cool! :O
This is really cool!
Super clean!
Comiendo un mangito con mi primo Jonas
mangos theory
Awesome :j
click here for weekly                                                          here
Mangosman
where is the mango?
Super fun! :D
alright i swear next time i wont make excessive air decos again
zobros is malding in his grave rn
yo lets make a timing demon where you cant see the timings what could go wrong
happy birthday, polarisdog :)
it sucks
Here before feature ------------------>
acropolis but worse
Everyone: This level looks sick!!! Me, stuck in 1% - 2% with lags :(
the lightning road for weekly!!!!
GG 478 atts love the level, but  hate the spike design especially the first cube awful design
why did rob rate invisible acropolis?
If you listen closely, you can hear Zobros making Acropolislislis
>playing acropolis >notice it's 6pm >go to awarded tab for new rates >see this
317 attempts + 1,990 from beating it while playtesting. thx to evan for letting me help balance! :)
I also want to thank Aeyooo, Luxicar, Polyatomic, Exerity and Fatielo for playtesting this for me
this is ummmmm bad
the gameplay is so baaaaad lmao
acropoliarix
i personally didnt enjoy this :/
Thanks a lot for letting me rebalance and verify the level! I hope everybody enjoys it :)
UPDATE: rebalanced and improved LDM, thanks TheyCallMeEvan! :)
really fun it would be awesome if rob went on a 1.9 rate spree but it probs wont happen
wait, a 7 star that is sightreadable and fun? impossible
Deben de haber mas niveles de ese estilo :)
Readable gp is the best
2 attempts really fun level
Buenas vibras tiene el nivel.
7 attempts! Really cool 1.9-styled level. Love the gameplay to bits
gg very good gameplay
GG!
GG! :)
love it:)
gg great lvl 
YESSS!!!
1 attemp lol
S Tier
very nice lvl :)
classic design + classic song, classic. Very good level.
GG 1 Attempt, super fun!
GG!
not the flappy bird trend lol
This level really deserves to be rated <3 It is an absolutely fantastic remake!
Worked really hard on this one <3
I'm dissapointed that this is the first time I am seeing this. Really nice work on recreating it! :)
i absolutely adore this
Awesome remake! Great job.
good stuffs
FINALLY LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
this level not being rated is borderline a war crime
awesome!
the ship at 43 can suck my balls
Great lvl! :D
Really happy for you Erin! GG! - Michelle :D
Link would be so happy. Great work Ecli. :)
not bad
wowo
Very cool! Love how cohesive the block designs are. Virtually nothing out of place c:
really fun!
Amazing remake, sent!
So many good demon rates today, GG! :)
Pretty fun!
repetitive through the level, but i enjoyed it a lot, it has potential
12/03/2021 11,000 User coins completed (Video on YT and images on twitter) Hard coins. =)
Coin 3: Skip the blue pads at 74% then finally tap the blue orb at 75% to touch the switch
Coin 2: Finally, tap at 47% to tap the blue orb at the top (3/3)
Coin 2: Touch the blocka at 38% and at 39% then go down to touch the swithc at 41% (1/3)
Coin 2: Then you touch the blocks at 43% and at 44%, then go up to touch the switch at 46% (2/3)
Coin 1: After you tap the green orb, spam to avoid the blue portal at 25%. The switch is at 34%
You my man, deserve at least a star rated level in your career. Specifically, this one, it's great!
after base
Here is the coin guide to collect all 3 coins:
hard coins
nice level :3
based
pretty chill, i like it.
Gg 128,000 Stars :)
GG! :)
16k stars 8)
GG!
GG! :)
gg 152 attempts 3 coins, very tricky coins, this took a while to get rated
can this ugly ass cat gtf off my screen
Please dont make the art cover the level. Its really hard to play.
I-
stupid cat
Kr1ts part is my favorite ngl
stupid ass cat stop blocking my screen!!! hoe ass
get that useless cat art out of here i wanna see where i'm going
bro if this cat don't
Love Nichijou
dumb cat get off my screen so i can see
K
1 like = 100 coronavirus killed
cat is in way, cat pls out of way
that god damn cat wont get outta my way
whats so special about this level? design and gameplay 34% annoying cat 67%
The LDM should get rid of the cat, smh
please remove the cat from the screen, i cant see whats in front of me, its a good level, remove cat
can there be an option to remove the cat
it's MISTER sakamoto to you
LETS GOOOOOOOOOO
I love your style Neo! :D 
a pretty nice one if you ask me, although it has some readability issues, but that's minor, good job
reupload because it is a level that took me several months and I would like it not to be forgotten.
awesome!
Amazing atmosphere dude!                                          
Looks pretty interesting! I like this one :)
Fixed some bugs and added new LDM for better optimization.
absulutely amazing, can we please get this rated
GG Again :)
that feeling when you do the first jump first try
GG! 55 attempts, fun memo :)
Pretty fun, a bit rough around the edges but still nice.
#RATETHISROB
Really neat design and gameplay!
very nice, hopefully this can get rated now
Uwu Necesita su epic ya!!
Very cool :)
amazing level! this is epic.
update and fixed some bugs, new pass, thank you for all guys! :D
GG:) Pretty fun once you learn it!
what a guy what a legend
I love your style, its so unique haha. Really cool art and the gp seems pretty fun :) 
you feel you sands crawling on your back
this level name sounds both really cool and really dumb at the same time
Imagine this get rated :0
Super cool art, great gameplay. I really like this!
GG! 12 attempts :)
the guy below me is right
thing with sand
Amazing:)
great theme but really laggy, sent!
hot damn
its sandopoliz zone with oil ocean zone music
RobTop i love you
Definitely your best
Cool, Sent!
Pretty good but some optimizations could be made, sent!
sansopolis you wanna have a bad time?
19,000 stars, GG! Very neat level
GG! :)
Just so everyone knows: I made the gameplay cancer on purpose cuz it's a timing level.
i eat vision >:)
Really nice to see this finally rated, GG! :)
This is for people with brick phones
to everyone who says the gameplay is trash:                                                  i agree
poor witch
roses are red, nuclear fission... u play this level, i eat ur vision    : o
I'm not a big fan of gameplay, but it's not bad
GG! :)
Apparently bot said it got unrated. but when i update it here its still remaining rated. confuzled???
partition is live. i will request :)
i love this type of jank gp :)
why do you like to make people go blind
315 att. I regret playing this fr
just messaged alex about this just in case if there's any info
probably one of the easiest hard demons i have everr completed
What a masterpiece
and sir you make exquisite gameplay im in love with this
This is one of the buggiest levels I have ever played 
and the rate never came
pogU
Great designs and gameplay but it feels quite stale, add more movements. Sent :)
sick nasty, need more zober in my life
He Huxya
Roma Dasha Vika Pasha
Very easy, but would still rate this easy demon. Insane 9 is such a worthless rating lol
C'E SOLO UN CAPITANO
Amazing! 
pycckue ecmb?
A COJONE COME TE PERMETTI VIE' QUA CHE TE SFONNO
Impossibile non raccogliere tutti i romani sotto sto livello 
What an epic level Zob! :D
coromavirus
if you enjoy this make sure to check my other 3 unrated levels :D
if by any mean u havent realized it, the levels name is after jacobroso and chromatik (see desc lol)
nO LeVeL WiTh oRiGiNaL gD SoNg bAd no just because a level uses gd soundtrack doesnt mean its bad
the legend is here
Net, blyat, Vasya
Amazing
wasnt expecting someone to use the song xstep in a rated level in 2021
sent
Love seeing solo extremes! good work!
grubhub perks give you deals on the food you love
yay first victor c:
sweet af
cool
seriously this isnt rated yet???
aweosom,e
just rate the level already for god's sake
GG! :)
#RatePrecipitance
Sent finally
Good job Moosh on first victor! ^^/
going
GG 2305 attempts
ae
FLUKE FROM 44 ON MOBILE NO WAY LOL
I'm actually going to kill myself wtf am i doing?
big flukes todayyyy
send this to mods, maybe it can get rated then?
This was made out of cheese, not gold >:(
Zylenox will go down as the first player to release a piss themed extreme demon
I think Robert dont like Zylenox
Unique design, Sent ;)
Pyrite Shade
Gold
good job man, we love what you do! never stop doing what you do
deserves easy extreme because of wave parts
hey rob rate this
i dont think this is made of piss, gold or cheese but i think its really made out of butter :/
GG! 361 attempts :)
when pronouncing "zylenox", the wave is silent
So cool, surprised this isnt rated yet
Me: maybe i could beat this! 50%: Im about to end this mans whole career...
insane demon, top twenty wave, insane demon, extreme wave
one of hardest insane demon s far???? it literally if not have wave skill this level is imposible
This shouldve been rated ages ago
Very cool :)
who put a wave challenge in my hard demon
wheres the rate ROB
1 like and i buff to top 50
mommmmm npesta nerfed kenos again :pensive:
Sir, how would you like your egg? Over easy, hard boiled, scrambled, or sakupen?
Sent :)
cracked
can we please take a moment to recognize that some people built actual parts in a joke level (me)
make this the most liked level in gd: egg
I see 
kenos but it's not garbage :0
i am god at this game
what do you want for breakfast ken Os or sakupen eggs
surprisingly a pretty good level
who else feels like a pro playing this?
yesd
"Easiest extreme demon"
nobody cares if you came from nexus or orion
I Love This Level
vine por nexus xD
ULDM update out! Let me know if you find any visual bugs ;)
GG! 25 attempts, 7 are old :)
Cool :)
well done!,
definitely easier than ai techno
I like the pre drop more but this lvl still amazing
Like it
this is lit
why tf this not an epic >:(
Very amazing detail & fun gameplay! 8)
#UNKNOWNCREATORS
GG 200 demons :D
Amazing!
rub is doin 2.2 improvements, thats ok. BUT HE DOESNT RATE MASTERPIECES LIKE DIS
:0
updated! fixed some bad colors part. enjoy <3
really nice design, but the gameplay could use some work
everyone pls help me rate it easy demon XD cus... its easy lol
The last part i played was the best tbh. The gameplay needs some improvements
This is such an amazing level bro!!! GG!!! :))
Why the f**k IS THIS NOT RATED?????
GG! :) 43 Attempts!
mi novia se llama Diana  ._.
who is diana
espero que sean felices los y se amen para siempre, QUE VIVAN LOS NOVIOS!!
really
I hate 93%
Kogda tebya brosila devushka:
OMG THE MUSIC IS MAGIC! XD
this level is cool. most likely will get featured.
volshebniy korridor so skrimerami
GG all coins xd (Psdt: A si se llama mi mejor amiga, Te amo <3)
you find this lvl, because Diana is your best girlfriend?
my favorite woman name :3
Where is Diana XD
simp
DIANAAAAAA:c
coin 1 : dont hit orb at 46, coin 2 : go up at 79
pass: 795846
Dianaaaa
guatafak
Random Diana is lovve
its definetely a good level, it just needs a lot of work
I like that the gameplay is so inuitive, be sure to add more details and a better ending tho :)
I saw everything in the world, but nine circles in half of glow style level
ppl just arent used to old gameplay bc you have to be more touchy with it so they call it shitty
hey my song thank ya
OMGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG YYOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO WHATTTTTTTTTTT
But despite it being laggy in the editor I still play because its so fun and we have a game (1/2)
lets go
People said that there is no way that style switch gets rated and this doesnt so lets see
developer that is so amazing like robtop, I really enjoy playing and creating (2/2)
wasnt expecting a feature but okay free stars
Lol see, man, you ain't trash
this is just bad.
Super fun for a 7 star level!! I loved playing it. Took me 3 attempts! :D
Seems quite rushed but I understand why.
 Completely broken level i found SOOO many skips lmao
oh hey look it is 2017 again
what
espanol prohibit i am not know espanol
the level is too glowy
nice
gg
gg all coins top 188 :)
free five stars lmao. awesome level
Elegant, easy, awesome.
Cool
short but epic
-=-
GG first try neat level
GG! :)
cool beans epic pasta
very cool m8 =)
chill and fun :D
ok
2 att GG 
gg,1 att,nice level:)
GG! :)
so unique
Wow very chill and basic.
Bonito nivel
Like if the level was laggy on mobile
this is awesome but try to use custom text instead of the default font
how to get coin: at the building part just fall as icon and therefore coin! Like so people seee
instead of jumping at the first jump in the robot, just fall instead and you will get the coin :)
Wow!!! you deserve 2 stars epic!
if this doesn't get rated epic ill throw my tablet out the window
Fall at 84% for the coin. This level is possible with 3 inputs lmao
where coin :(
Amazing art :O
Please people who make these levels, make sure the LDM actually does its job.
10/10 y 10/10 en lag
what did I just witness
this is 99% auto
Algophobia: Cuando alguien le tiene fobia a Algo.
bruh this level is auto for like 89%
if you didnt know Algophobia is the extreme fear of Pain
i thoght this was auto :/
GG:)
Las manos asia arriba las manos asia abajo como los gorilas u u u :v
lol this level took me 5 mins cuz of lag
electro
It's kinda difficult to read where you're going
pretty damn dope bro
nice level... where is featured??
super intense
why does this get rated and not silhouette II and Eternal?
very fun
This is amazing! But probably an 8 star :)
OVERUSE OF SHAKES WTH IS WRONG WITH YOU! THERE IS ALMOST 0 SHAKE BRUH
there is no such thing as overdecorating
Maybe more like 8*. Really fun tho
fixing first ship and nerfing the UFO part a bit for maximun enjoyablity
how is this a 7 star!? at least 8 star
1. Not buggy. 2. not bright lmao. 3. The gameplay is awesome
Damn that glow looks so goooood!
generic
GG, should be 9* imo
GG! :D Great gameplay, I really like this level!
Why does RobTop rate this and not Eternal?
Pretty hard to see.
was really hoping this would get 2*
I enjoy this <3
One of the best levels i've ever played
this is good it almost made me cry
Amazing my friend! :D
This is so coool!
I really liked the combo of minimalisym and vintage! My fav normal level!
like if you drink cheese
my friend almost cried over this lmao
sad bro ;(.
very sad :(
bro ...<3
amazing level 10/10
sad ;(
who evee made this has depression
How tf did you almost make me cry
mi hermana dijo que era un nivel triste y que el creador estaba triste wtf xd
This level made me so sad. :(
Love this level, it's amazing! :)
aa paHiMALU
The ship was heavier than my severly obese brother
how comes my ship is heavy, maybe i gotta spend these 20000 orbs ive been collecting!
Wow..
what is wrong with the ship
good level, should be epic
Really cool c:
Really like this, well done
It is inexplicable what I feel right now.
1 att mobile with no lag owo
h
i love this
Me gusta este estilo de video antiguo, muy bueno
ez, top ten fav levels, why not epic?
this is so good, why was it not given an epic
really cool map and ofc one shot with mobile without any lag ;D
Epic level...
the ship doesnt feel right but nice level
This was such a freaking pretty level it made me cry and now im sad. Thanks <3
Deserves epic so badly
ok I thought the ship thing was just me LOL
this man is on the top 100 creators and he got his first cp just 9 months ago
Thanks a lot for letting me build! This was really fun <3 Hope you all enjoy!
kinda feels like it gets lazier at it goes but split's parts are pretty solid
Crashyy is cp grinder like to agree
Hey, finally a level named after me!
oh split and i are tied in cp now
a collab with the two fastest builders in the game gg
ebal rot tvoy sozdatel chert ebaniy
wod
AUSK
:>
easy 
69 cps 7u7
for grinding stars im just looking random users levels and complete all of them lol
i love your level
gg nice level
color
Awesome!
gg 4637 stars
gg!
Crashyy level by CreatorCrashyy
Corona virus sucks
Nice map! I hope RubRub features this xD
replace tay with wag
I love your style omg
End Screen Was Buggy And Song Was Just Eh... But The Modern Design Was Cool And I Enjoyed Gameplay.
like for +1 %
Give this daily
Beautiful.
ez 1 att on mobile and good level! ;D
why do i love this level so much, why its because its incredible !
gg normal 4
This is my new favorite level!
GG. 1 attempts and 2155 stars. 5K objects? Surprising...
me when new crashyy rate
Nice level should add coins tho its a really good level for coins 
This is really good for only 5k objects! Gg.
Great level with minimalistic design :) gg
It got rated! And I got all the rewards and stuff from when it did it yesterday, nice.
gg
Energi = Energy (Indonesian)
Not bad!
Kinda empty and repetitive block design, but ok.. good job :)
masuk ke trending page 20 cuk :v
pass??
Owshet 6k downloads .___.
Mom I'm getting stars!
por kalaka mi mejor amigo <3
rob rate it
beautiful 
Like this comment if you love hitting a dash orb right in the middle   \_(^-^)_/
Thanks To Rob For Rate It, Because Its Nice And Easy :D
energi is cool level gg :3!!!
this level cheers me up like if u to
nyari nih lepel gk ketemu temu ternyata nama orangnya ganti:,)
ldm pls?
Wtf Why?
EnerGG :D
Epic!
wow i was here before feature
!!!! thanks for playing!!
Hmmm
this deserves to be in magic, not fnc part 15
guys its friday :000000000000
IT GOT MAGIC!
stop commenting gg this is a 4 star
the level isnt THAT good
thanks for all the positive comments :)
stop.
1.4k
MY FIRST SOLO RATE LETS GO
well yeah but most of the level isnt cube 
!!!
interesting
nice level :>
Agua hay! Me gusta. Es 3 stars o 2 stars. Completar mas la deco y sacar esos banderines blancos
Kool level
The move trigger usage in this level makes it so beautiful. I love the color chage as well. Nice!
looks so good
Nice and easy. Just how i like it, good level.
WHAT
awesome
Coin: Jump at 49% & avoid all the spikes, feel free to look in the copy if you need to.
deserves an easy demon! well made brother! :)
GG! Fun coin :)
how aint this a demon? GG btw
rate this.
except for mickey mouse dummy
cute, but janky on the second half
demon
how is this not epic
this level is like cold sweat and want me combined
Annoying coin.
Demon
wow
This is objectively really bad gameplay but i still like this level
needs some nerfs, but besides that I love it
Easy demon.
demon?
wtf is wrong with tou
Thank you so much for making this! Really nice work overall, hopefully your first cp :)
kinda neat, pretty repetitive though 
me
thanks rob <3
Robtop stop sleeping on Bowtie
yo this is wild my dude. hope it gets featured... 
mfw when identity theft
YESSSSSSSSS <3 Congrtas man finally
YO CONGRATS POG
gameplay is sh!t
WOWWY
oh cool my name is in the end screen
Nice block design :)
Respect!)
LETS GO FINALLY
lol its his cc entry
me after drugs: 
congratulations my bowtie friend
good ass level no cap
rainbowtie
we're so close to a full mountain gauntlet
nuts
cp nerds after 6 mountain levels are made among the thousands of glow levels
listen to downward spiral
BALLS MOUNTAIN
pinecones had no idea what he would star when he released balls mountain
rob i love you
i remember your levels from a long time ago, was great
i think pinecones just created a brand new genre of levels
i swear out of this friend group maniac had the fastest transition between 2 and 4 cp
LOL WHAT
Now all we need is Waifu Plateau
no i will not
not even 24 hours after release too what
3) fly
perfection
boobs in real
i found this at 500 likes
there were chatters after the drop but they all left because they did not want to die in the eruption
"this mountain trend is getting ot of hand"      glow levels:   
Terrible gameplay, GG! :)
I'll try to help out with the bots. Reuploading won't solve the issue, so just keep it up. :)
LEARN HOW TO PLAYTEST YOUR LEVELS this level is like hard demon because of the gameplay please
you show a easy demon face at the end but call it medium demon... fair enough
GG! 23 attempts, a few are old ;)
how did npesta 1 att normal mode this poop gp  !!!!!
anyone on mobile, like if you are
If I was who created this, it wouldn't get rated
this is a hard demon no?
btw, for my next lvl (8*) bunch is making the gp. so ig you will play nicr gp
aw bro dont put yourself down it would get rated maybe not as quick but dont say that 
thanks nick :)
this is the hardest easy demon ive ever seen
npesta clapped this lvl bruh
139 attempts (+ 3 coins). #1341
sorry, but bad gameplay
All the npesta fans hating on Dubbayoo for no real reason smh this level is fine
Thanks to Polyatomic, I have fixed a few gameplay issues. I believe the gp should be better now     
Remember when demons used to be very easy...? Yeah... good times...
gg 96 attempts, died past 80% eight times and spent like 40 attempts to get the coin lol
Badgameplay
messy
Pro tip: Dont jump when you think the level is over.
Nice :)
:0
5300 stars
gg bad gameplay and bad sync :/
Bad Gameplay.
GG! :) 2 Attempts! Spent the first attempt on practice mode!
this looks like it was built in 2017
HG hey whats up its been a while!!
GG! :)
cool deco but this level has bad gameplay and sync so make sure it isn't like that
all TheHungerGames's rated levels done
extremly Goodness ...(:
GG! :)
GG 34 att :)
:D
h
easy! nice! :)
insane 8* or harder 7*
This looks amazing but the gameplay needs a revamp, it's reaaaaally hard to sightread
3* ?? are u zobros?
Coins: 1- avoid small circle dots in ufo at 24-34% (u can touch max 5). 2- skip a green orb at 52%
this level is all over the place
D Tier
thomartin sent for star rate :)
I BEAT IT IN ONLY 60 ATTEMPTS :D
the comment
o_O
this is the most I have seen a creater be off with the rating lmao
garbage coins
GG!
sry if its terrible im not really good at creating , i am learnding
what gameplay is this
i see a lot of potential in you mate! keep building :)
Fly me to the moon.Let me play among the stars. Let me see what spring is like on jupiter and mars.
HAHAHAHAHAHA YES SCREW YOU LETS GO
yeah, i don't want complete it without coins, but there is a problem... i don't know how to get it..
the comment
Super original style! Awesome to see a new level from you, GG!
the movement on the ship is insane, epic job :)
very swag electroiddash! THE SECOND PART IS SO GOOD
Este es el tipo de levels que buscaba xd :)
bllllllllllllllllllllll
very awesome level, happy birthday
For a second, I forgot how 2 use the ship ;-;
i saw the quest complete notifcation and had a genuine heart attack
The ship was drunk
1 likes = 1 more effect
this was pretty nice
ship part make me dizzy
I enjoyed the level, but that ship was so trippy for me.
you have... quite an effect on me
Nice
GG
Welcome back man! Amazing map! :D
ggggggggggggggg
that first ship is trippy
My man's back
not bad :)
I'd say a star rate for sure, i don't know about featured tho, good level
GG :) 1300 STARS!
:3
Amazing, Thanks for dedication! <33
Gracias por dedicarmelo
dios la cnsion es hermosa 
Nice :)
:O esta super padre, Gracias por la dedicacion :3
cool
set the feature on this leeeeeveeeeeeeel
Guatemala, Amatitlan
owo increible man sigue asi felicidades
GG a la 1ra
GG!! 7000 stars :)
46.378eme stars, hard 4 i think :v
que grande dennys eres el mejor! uwu
GG it is a cool level :)
little late but thanks for dedi :)
ez  B)
Coins: 31%, 50%, 67% - Like so others can see!
Fun Fact: this is my first 3 stars level
How much motivation and free time should you have to do this in one day?
pass is 250121 (:
2 likes and i will reveal the name of my upcoming level but i didn't start building.
TYSM ROBTOP LOVE YOU ALL
if this comment gets 5 likes I will out pizza the hut
UPDATE: Added more LDM (Lag Fixed!)
RobTop just made my night...
who else saw the UwU in the wave ?
This is one of the best and cleanest 1 day levels i have ever seen! Amazing job bro!! :)
I am glad that you guys liked it! I think i should make a 2 stars level :)
3 fps
why would you put an orb timing in a 3*
Too laggy...
Someone bring me a jacket cause this level chill af
gg on feat 
Super smooth! Try making the transitions more vibrant. Awesome level! :D
Alright, the name of the upcoming level will be called: EthereaL (2 stars i'll start building later
what is the password
If this gets top comment I will donate all of my money to endangered species
Roses are red here is something new: Violets are violet not freaking blue
fun fact: the song actually is called: c o u l d    i t    b e ?
Out of all my levels, this gets magic. Smh.
im so glad this is uploaded here and not on that prick pugz account lol
#makemoffermod
Look its my fave song "????D??T??E ?"
no way this is getting epic lmao @msm            Gabbs could still get daily tho...............
Nice collab ;)
Roses are red, violets are blue. Belastet just rhymed blue with blue.                          Wait.
fun
Petition to make moffer mode, like to sign.
like if u hate ship orbs
GG All coins. For 3rd coin: Go up at 74%.
seriousely, just let people create however they want to. (1/2)
Giving feedback is ok but don't insult the person for "just wanting clout"... (2/2)
Trippy
1 like = 1 face slap for Pugz
trippin balls
im hitting the orbs and i still die
Extreme demon.
u know its a joke right? xd
Coins: 21% & 59% - Like so others can see!
A 2 star verified externally in 1.9k attempts? Something ain't right here.
tf why is this level so hard? also how tf did it only take you 1.9k attempts 
Clickbait, not easy
thank u, my phone is on fire
NormaL yes
un nivel muy original like por la decoracion :)
eddie it's been 2 weeks please stop eating rob top burgers
impossible on 54 hz and lag 
Did they verify it whith 1900 attemps? WOW gg
This guy does not know his own level rate? Its Normal not easy bruh
i cant understnd why geometry dash players create such cool lvls and then chose dumb names :'D
:(
why is this straightfly in a 3 star??
2 coins :)
screw you and your beaitifully decorated level!
38000 stars!
in 1899 attempts lol
what's the point of placing a spike if you can even die with it??
rob please rate more how am I supposed to feed my children with 6 stars
*nerfed the ufo & ship part because i am NOT getting another 4 star lmao
blochyy this is a good level but your levels are starting to look exactly the same
looks the same as the last level you made and the one before and the one before and the one before a
hey guys do ever die on a easy level because ur bored of how easy it is
this is the next daily... xd
i think this lvl should be rated *2
Coin #1: 33%, Coin #2: 63%, Coin #3: FREE. really balanced coins 33, 66 (close) and 99%
gud thanks for the free coin
Remember kids: dont do drugs
i secured 200th place
1k user coins. g
try to combine your styles improve block deco style bgs are on point and youll get epic
i farted
Thx for the free coin
NOOOOOOO
:( me da lag....
very colorful and creative
i jumped over the free coin...
Easy, fun and sync gameplay! Really nice job :)
Yesssssssss ahhhhhhhh Tysm!!!!
please fix skippable portals!
Really fun, good job! :)
feature                                                                             (here)
"last level of 2.1" cya in 1564767395867 years :D
well done!
i forgot that all insane levels are harder than my hardest demon
FINALLY NEOZ GOT CP
Help
why did that take me longer than the weekly lmfao
congrats on your 1st cp dude :)
amazing! hope your first cp soon :D
:)
oh yeah. for sure epic rating
Difficult, but fun once you learn it :)
good level my friend
really cool dude!
AMAZING WOOOOOOORK! Pd: @Maxyland hi little girl 7w7
awesome level!
Note: IT IS NOT ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE
Sry for weird ending, and thanks for waitng my lvls :)
Very smooth and clean :) work on the gameplay and moving objects a bit. Awesome work! <3
i keep dying at 44%, the gravity portals dont work
idk but 'ai' also means 'love' in Japanese
neat
Ai *pain*
It was late but shoutout to Diagram, Modi, TMS for help me :)
ok
'Ai' is Japanese that means 'Love'. 
oh song is banned :((
someone died at 74%?
YEEES GOT FEATUREEED
pass 210123
cute
BUG FIXED
Secret way fixed
Ai
why are yall chatting here tf
When you have trouble with this but you already beat a demon
OMFG IM SO HAPPY
I am not being bias but Aimr is probably that one creator that doesnt have cp but so needs some
to the moon
after a mental brake down... robtop finally rate a level from aimr levels... goodjob aimr!
haha funny number go brrr
GG Both coins. For 1st coin: Jump over the jump pad at 2% for a key.
Really deserves its feature! Good job, chap!
Coins: Jump over jump pad at 3% to collect key and coin is at 21%. At 91%, wave up into crevass
YOU FINALLY GOT CP LETS FRICKIN GOOOOO
Hey protogen !
1000 likes :0
haha cp go brrr
haha funni guy below me
first coin: jump in the beggining skipping the first yellow pad and you will get a key! 
any1 from colon
haha beep boop. Nice Level! Love the title and the protogen! :)
Beautiful ;v
epic protogen
this song sounds familiar
amazing work!
very hard to read the gray blocks. i love the concept but i do think the gp and blocks need work
this is one of the most confusing levels i have ever played
block design is bad, confusing with the background
1st coin: Spam at the very start, itll toggle you to reflection mode, coin at end.
Nice song
i dont see the blocks
nice nice
It's very hard to see where and when you're supposed to jump
I CANT SEEEEEEE
Ray tracing in gd, hmmm nice
minnda hard to see where you're supposed to go
61000 stars gg
nice
This level has some cool mechanics and concepts, and clean and creative deco, (1/2)
hard of read :/
Jump two times at the start 
But the gameplay could use some work, as its not too enjoyable to learn, and its a bit empty. (2/2)
get ready for funnies and go and hold at the start
hard to read, but nice concept
Vale muy bien
get this featured now
lol i refreshed magic tab and there it was. new mikal level
exellent deco but terrible gameplay
Flora
Add an option to remove th3 custom orbs and portals, they are so annoying
im the first person who tries this level but i completed number top 3
definatley improves in quality towards the end, but overall quite good
Also you actual popped off with this one. gj
surprised to see this in recent
PLEASE add a remove custom objects trigger the gameplays confusing and unclear enough as is
ayyyy finally not a harder
GG Fluked from 59%.
GG :) thank you for making an ULDM that ACTUALLY works.
1 like = 1 wipe
bro this is epic
GG
Awesome! :)
gg
custom shit is so bad 
GG!
Good level, sorry to hear that you're friend passed.. Feature worthy 100%
For those curious or whatever, the person who passed (Golden RS) was my elder brother. 
im sorry for your loss, but great level though
Im sorry for your friend, and this is not an 8 star...
On another note, I do agree this is maybe not an 8 star, maybe 9 or very easy demon. I misjudged.
Thank you so much rob <3
Glad you finally finished this he would be proud of you
Sorry for your loss, great level <3
Thank you so much for moving this rob. Golden deserves this.  <3
Awesome :)
this got featured! your brother would be proud :)
GG All coins Finally. This is at least easy demon difficulty imo.
esto es demon
THS IS A MEDIUM DEMON
cool remake blast proccesing
demon
A Tier
Awesome :D
nerfed quantum processing
easy demon ok?
dont say i copying FluNk from Pongix, because this is the mother of FluNk.
Really cool for a recent tab
If this guy gets his first CP, i will be extremly happy. now Rob cmon and give this boi his goal
Danzmen?
It was a great pleasure to work with you dude!
Am i dreaming?
Add another coins with collecting the heart!
i meaaan if we doin 1st rates
gg on your first cp!!
Editor Mode: Come here, I'll teach you the abecedary
upd 6 fix a bit part and bossfight
And Lemons are sour (aka my baby) is the mother of all the remakes!
future funk
YESSS IT GOT FEATURED BABY
15k thanks
GG esta buenardo
8 attempts gg
when i was making LemonS ArE SouR i didnt think my friends would get cp from remakes.
Definitely deserves to be rated. I just wish you made the transitions easier to sightread
This is  s m o o t h
This level was made by a jew
omg the guy from Odyssey by Viprin!!1!1
magnus
This level was made by a jew
woah thanks for the quick rate rob :0 now do electro rm ;)
This level was made by a jew
straight gas
Pass is 012021 pls like!
This jew was made by a level
Please do some Demons Rob
GG from 74%. Very fun for a harder level imo :).
Really coolio!
amazing stuff 
This level was made by an epic gamer
Super fun
simple, pero bonito :3
you popped off fr.
This level was made
I appreciate the 2.0 feel of this level! Brings back a lot. Nicely done!
so satisfying :D
First place boys. Promise I didnt practice this before making daily.... xD
oh no the game developer got top comment  ahhh  day ruined  ahhh
thingy
Viprin walks into a bakery... and orders a copy-pastry
daily chat is gay,come at me dislikers
oh thanks ! :>
BLACK PEOPLE ARE AWESOME
joe biden forgetting its his inaugeration
mee6
The grubhub ad is the cringiest ad ever
guys biden wrote the 34th amendment today. look up joe biden rule 34. ~credit to lilace~
rob, if you dont do more rates ill call u a bafoon
just got kicked out of the hospital for telling the COVID patients to stay positive ._.
nine inch males
lilace acting like how he has a degree in how the female anatomy works 
@Cyclo3000  you have to delete all save data
k whos the person whos just targeting my comments and disliking lmao
cool level but why isnt there caillou banging woman in here
fluke from 1%
DoctorJazz more like doctorjizz smash like when you see it
Hey mom, get the camera, evo dedicated a level to me!!
so hard to see anything. more glow than the surface of the sun
GG! 119.000 Stars! 01/02/2021 :)
Too bad that you leave, your levels are really cool
finally a magic level that actually has good gameplay
rob kinda missed, this should be epic
GG Idk how I fluked this from 2% in 2 attempts :).
Sure :)
And then I am the one who makes the levels with a lot of glow .____.
FlashBang out
You dont know what I had to go through to release these levels.
AMAZING WOW!
Oh welp I didnt expect it anyway xD
Pls rob rate demons
i really want to learn tht glow technic :O awesome UwU
Lol thank you
Rip epic
almost dank
Beautiful level. The backgrounds, gameplay, and transitions is just amaZing! Pretty fun too.
Epic
enjoyable but not feature worthy at all
edilberto geomy dash :))))
this level wants me to commit a massive genocide
work of art, well done edilberto
GG EDILBERTO!
The amount of hate on this is disgusting. Don't ruin Edilberto's cp moment like this...
And on the 20th day, He rested, for what He had created was good.
this level makes me feel a feeling ive never felt before
Congrats Edilberto!
thank you edilberto, you got me a new ship!
this sucks
this level is amazing in a way that cannot be explained in human language 
Congratulations Edilberto. =)
Amazing level
MR. BERTO GEOMY DASH CONGRATS!!!! <3
seriously stop the hate, let the dude enjoy his first cp moment
bad level -_-
doesn't deserve the feature at all, maybe a rate
they have ain't even stolen anything, no wrongdoings, and y'all just shaming them for an achievement
im mad because so many people make waaaayyyyy better levels but dont get cp for them
if the gameplay is hard to read just get glasses smh
the most charming, and funny, and chamring, and funny, and charming, and funny, and charming, and funny, and charming, and funny, and first victor
I like the block design but the gameplay is hard to read.
dude dont talk about my dad
This level feels like its telling a story. Even if a simple story, the progression is absolutely perfect.
I love this so incredibly much omg
hard to read
gameplay is hard to read
...
HE GOT A LEVEL RATEDYOOOOOOOOOO
FINALLY AFTER 5 DEATHS AT 88 AAAAAAAAA
isnt it sad when effects dont fit the sides of your screen?
i died from nothing 
rob has been rating quite a lot lately
pog
awsome level 
:3
Song: "What if I leave tomorrow" Level: "Left Yesterday" Me: so which one is it
this is absolutly amazing bro
sa:(d
Lol guys I just deleted my other levels because they were bad. 
This is really nice!!
Lol I suck at gameplay. I'm sure I will improve sometimes down the road.
anyone from reddit lool
THIS IS SO COOL AMAZING WORK!!! :D
Guys if the level is still laggy dm me where. I would like to fix it.
beautiful. sent to mods :)
I so happy it got featured. Thanks to Alkali, JGhost and MaFFaka for sending it and thanks Robtop.
unoriginal name c:
I love this! gameplay is kinda oofing, but anything else is amazing, art and design, astonishing
Pog
ne tot chudovishe,shto s vidu govnolik
This Art is sooo Insane! I Just Love How Glow is very well maked. Amazing Job! Sent to Mods <3
The level as far decoration & detail was really good but the gameplay was the exact opposite imo.
GG fluked from 74%. I almost died at the end because of the lag.
rate more after the last 1st cp askin for a fiend
Lmao saw ur reddit post
gp sucks ass
Can yall stop rate begging?
Nice Visuals :)
WHAT!??!?!?!??!? OML JUST WHAT I NEEDED RN, WHAT AN EMOTIONAL ROLLERCOASTER
Glad my gameplay was finally decorated :)
@Belastet that's not how it works buddy
Time to eat a sofa
cp is as hard as getting a girlfriend
For those wondering who Nick is, he used to be my service dog, Rest well Nick <3
now absolute tempest? :eyes:
just realised that this guy get the rate ufo before the 100 likes icon lmao
A really awesome level! :)
this should be a epic featured 8 star ngl
yeah this should be epic
gg I luv this level <3
God damn it butter I forgot you have a rated level now, i really thought AT got rated and u had 2 cp
GG MY BOYYYY! So proud of you dude <333
GG Fluked from 54%. This was fun but I died to random parts which skewed my judgement a bit.
PogChamp
BUTTERFISH CP BUTTERFISH CP
nice level
fun
Awesome :) 
I'll have a caramel frappuccino venti please 
coins 32%  77% 98%
This is actually so much better than the original, really epic job dude =)
Before you guys yell at me for another reupload, I was not happy with the original so I remade it :)
1 like= 1% more chance to finish bloodbath
White Girls when they go to starbucks
only small changes were made but it adds so much to the level
RE FACIL
OMG THAT WAS SO FAST!!
holy moly! 45K downloads!
Like si estas farmeando User Coins :D
First coin: go down at 30%, coin is on 32%. Second coin: jump at 76-77%. Third coun is free.
In the magic tab ur currently in between swag and swag city lol
i like trains
15K downloads!
GG 6700 stars
totodile!! :O
I loved it and i love you for making this lvl keep up the good work ;)
yes!:(
125K downloads :0
yeah my day is going pretty good
Not first
Thanks to SirExcelDJ, Nikce and Mineber for play-testing :)
Mod rate momment
not bad but honestly feels really bland, even for a 1.9 level
rate worthy but not feature
imagine using mirror portals
I like the old style, but the gameplay needs work
Muy divertido y bien ambientado, me encanta!! :3
GG All coins. For 2nd coin: Jump into the bottom platform at 41% & jump at the edge for the coin.
1.9 style :O
I love how the top comment has 76 likes
wanna see nice, nolstagic 1.9 lvl? well, this is for you!
The day that Hedas becomes Elder is the day that every funny person in GD gets banned
woah this gameplay is great :()
why did my game freeze here xd
Fuc
sussy song title
rated, rated, oh it hurts
GG :D
That was amazing
omega falcon punch!
I'm glad you all enjoy it!
Best anime about a square ive seen so far
awesome
very good
woooo that was such a movie!
top 10 best films of 2020 gd awards
*slow claps*
wow
why does this reminds me Avengers EndGame
really good, the visuals and the animation flow is superb, you have a real gift for this stuff dude
I have enjoyed my experience.
LIKE FOR LEGENDARY FEATURE (patent pending) DISLIKE/IGNORE FOR STILL UNRATED
awesome
Nice to see this finally finished, hope you enjoyed making it.
Hey Seorin! glad you enjoyed :)
Update: super optimized that one explosion part, was kinda laggy
Rob needs to rate this or i will eat his house.if this gets top comment and he dont rate i will eat.
Big pog
MY TOES ARE TWINKLING :DDDDDDDDD
Surreal
8 attempts lmao this might be the easiest demon i've ever beaten without practise
studt kinda sus
lamp
studt kissed me 
2nd half of the level was a relatively large quality drop, but still neat
Password is 100420 ;D
ps this was meant to be a made in 1 week joke level but somehow we managed to finish it only 2 months later!
glad to see another great lvl by u
Really eye-pleasant and fun 
Mobile Players: Thanks for the speed hack!
This is genuinely amazing. A little dip in the 2nd half, but it is still amazing throughout! :D
oooooooo mr bobaggon bodski homersimpsliceronski bobags
This is kinda perfect ngl
rate china
pluff has ball itch syndrome
Demon weekly #94 complete (Images on twitter). =)
Like for more low detail
1 attempt (normal level). #1061
Definitely an extreme, but more towards an easier extreme demon. Nice work!
is this a good beginner extreme?
thanks for providing this game with actually interesting difficult levels
10 minutes or 15 idk and 270 attempts on stream lol
finally thank the robert
unallowed place
apparently this is extreme from other credible players so keep it that way
Is an easy extreme but a fun extreme at that.
Pass is 111111
i escaped the isle
This took way longer than it should have, GG! :)
Cool :)
leave it extreme, there are many extremes easier than this (allegiance, cataclysm...)
pls like this comment if you are not gay :)
GG! Celebrated early but actually beat it!
SDFFGNAGHFHJSDFBJVHKDFBJKVER BJHGCS NTKJCVHNERTKLIDNZVJIKL,BRTIOSNUR TUIKOLJHREDIOUBHNTZZRTHNJO}UJMO
Interesting lvl, I like it
predrop is garbage 
ppl be getting 6% and say "OMG this is not extreme lol"
ggz
There are some cools ideas! But the design feels really empty, you have a lot of potentials!
Some orb placements and gameplay mechanics are weird.
GG Finally fluked from 58%. Annoying gameplay (especially 45%-48%).
wow <3
:happy elephant:
Should have been rated 9 or 10 stars. However, the decorations are pretty good.
awesome!
fun
bad gameplay
alfin, otro niveo con esta musica
saudades em portugues kkkk
cool
gg
GG:D Great 1.9 Styled Level!
cool
gg I love 1.9 style!
GG! :) 23 Attempts!
orbs and saws need to be upgraded
GG II
bugs :( 
OH MY GOD I LOVE YOU ROB
Very interesting level
Very nice!
Thanks to Kaz VA for letting me verify! The video will be up tomorrow morning
WHERES THE TROLLFACE THEMED EXTREME DEMON
Intriguing but unpolished
gg, first victor!
THANK GOD
who else thought that these creator points were from sonic wave infinity?
No problem bro! GG!
shibui
we out here
very memorable
PASS IS 083020
i had a weird dream where i fluked this from like 25 but why tho
this is weird but i like it
fun fact: as i write this comment, this level is on both pages 31 and 32 of extreme demons
6970 att GGGGGGGGGGGGGGG First in Korea!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lol found in recent
Pass is 083020 <3
I CANT BELIEVE IT OMG GGGGGG THX ROBTOP
Love it, it gets better and better and the atmosphere the level creates is amazing
Noice
pretty nice!
Cool! :)
Nice! :)
really cool. blocks design could be more worked but still pretty amazing. 
feature vuorti
sent!
Really cool! Could be a bit better in terms of colors sometimes and also on the design in some parts
cazzo tombola
remember seeing this earlier on harry's stream, questionable consistency but excellent themeing :)
Great level!
If this not get featured I will follow freeda on instagram
FINALLY AFTER SEVERAL MONTHS C'MON
60k stars GG
The 100th like on a rated level. Feels goooood.
finally
thanks for the coins! :)
very good gameplay for 8 star level
wa
now people actually have to play this >:) gl
According to YouTube statictics, only a small percentage of people are actually subscribed.
Keeps the feeling of the original but kinda built onto it. Neato
Like for my 1%
I love not being able to see a the begining of a level
So that's got rated, but "Eternal Moment" still not :/
glad to have verified the update for this! thanks splash :)
why do extreme demons have scary names like BLOODBATH or YAGURSTRU
UPDATE 1/24/21: level has been rebalanced and reverified by FrostBurn :)
can this get rated along with omicron jesus
Delete this level please.
Crazen, how have you verified two of the best extreme demons in 2 days?
ok ta imposible
el guitar lo copio y lo llamo El Buen Pito
That's literally far worse than the original, not thank you for making this a thing. Digusting crap.
._.
brun the beginning is just trash tbh
eventually people'll run out of popular levele to remake and'll have to be original
jay jay :"v
R.I.P Zombie pigmen 2010 - 2020
I was bored so I made this in 12 hours x) 
if this doesn't play at my funeral then I'm not going
zombie pigmen were not removed, just retextured and renamed
ANOTHER RATED!?!? :O
There's Tommy, he likes women... "I like women"
serponge someday has to make a level where you have to play the launchpad
Use the original Pigstep song for better experience!
robtop play minecraft confirmed
my favorite music disc
piola
make in 0.55 days? XD
I LIKE MINECRAFT!!!
Pass?
from minecraft nether update by...
ladies and gentleman, we found a launchpad level
no its great song
As a big fan of Kaskobi and GD, I really enjoyed watching this. Great job!
Can you play my LP please? thx
wow after I beat it it said *Incredible!* ye I agree :)
oh my gosh, it's raining ducks.
this level got stolen by nspace7. how unfortunate, the theifs are literally just desperate.
@erasmo this is the original actually, the stolen one was actually the first rated
who else didnt expect a widescreen mode?
Not bad, liked the colors. :)
is this a bug?
like this comment before feature
Nice level fadeoff =)
Asombrosa decoracion, buen gameplay, gran nivel. GOOD
GG! 1 coin
10/10 for the wide screen
Cool lvl :)
last 50% is very lazy, but boy Ellip's parts are good
Noooooooooooooo why is the name changed
I have already seen this block in another level and just like that I was killed by it
beep boop bop banana
@Jordi6304 ok
why am i getting lag
finally,a level which is friendly for wide screen,thonk u
congrats!
Really good :)
after 6 months a mental breakdown the walking man
glarnold
cruisin' down on main street
GG! 130 attempts :)
Nice :)
pass : 122111 plz like
like if u here before the epic rating :)
Really really nice. The theme the design the gameplay. It's all so great :D
Runman when? =D
first 50 to like get free icecream
Awesome! Weird gp at parts, but a masterpiece regardless!
rate when
Awesome
Really liked it :)
Great level! no reason to hate on yourself. Just keep building :D
Very fun level, GG! :)
Like if you are here from Nexus :)
Interesting. I kinda like it, sent :)
how does being lactose intolorent make me fat? dude I'm a twig.
horrizon but merry
What's up with the inconsistency of both the GP and the theme ? Good effects and endscreen otherwise
GG + Three Coins ;) End screen is pretty nice :thumbsup:
That ending art though...so nice
bad sync imo, but nice deco
glad people are using lchavasse songs
Merry Christmas for all =D
MOM. I BEAT HORIZON.
Dont want to say that the level is bad but the gameplay is so boring.
42.807eme stars
ilan na pasko han ninyo ako 1700 yung na paskuhan ko 
awesome level! gg :)
rob why dont rate rust andclouds?
he keeps stopping for a bit which is kinda bruh
Me gusto la imagen del final 
7*
Merry Xmas ;))
this is so cool yoo
cool
i love,merry xmas!
transitions are pathetic and the ldm makes half of the level invisible, just another garbage rate
what are these transitions
It was a good level, but the transitions Lost It All.
Bad gameplay, work on your transitions please
pass is 2020 lol good hiding spot
Please stop with the abrupt transitions where you die before you can see what you're doing.
This is NOT 6 stars, it's more like 8 or 9
why every f ucking transition is so terrible at the drop omfg
garbage
Pass is 2020, we are from the future in 2021
porque aparece goku?? no lo se, pero ta bien
Put LDM for all you crybabies about the transitions
Trash... How this get rate...
GG 77.777 ESTRELLAS, VEGETITA CONFIRMED :V
Pretty nice. The level is really simple with little block design. But not bad. 
r u sure
first to the key
The first half is a decent level. But the second half has bad transitions and deserves 8 stars
What bad its still cool for me, ik transition are weird but don't give up @Parzivalgames :)
Bro, if you're going to make levels, at least consider the fact that we need to SEE what's coming.
YAY!!!!!!! XD
Imma give you a cute Alpaca
RATED
Cat with chainsaw......... EVERYBODY RUN!!!!
those little minigame transitions are really cool and super original
meow
im sorry to tell u guys but shes actually a mouse
040105 da pazz
Super cute level :3
great designs, awkward gameplay
One of my favorite levels.
coins=In the part of the balls, touch when the circle is on the tiles (all) ... Or follow the rhythm
dude no way gg on 4th feature!
The password please :(
GG! All coins :)
korean!!!
when you have this type of level, you know you gonna have fun, great level!
I'm glad RobTop helped you unautoban your level
cat?
uwu
Petition to have Braineater make a demon. Click here -->
not bad, i like some movements :)
NOOOO BRO THIS IS NOT ALREADY FEATURED ARE YOU SERIOUS?!?!?!
Braineater has a bright future
That sync is SOOO good for a 5* !!! Really good job on the Gameplay :DD
The backround gives a awsome effect too!
I hope you enjoy my last level of 2020 :)
Im actually sad that I beat this because I want to keep playing it.
gg :)
Its over.....8,000!!!!!
cool!
Solid level! ggs!
Buena decoracion y un gameplay disfrutable, todo lo que quiero en un nivel :)
simple deco but fun to play
GG 1 att Perfect sync cool level good gameplay
Best gameplay ever!
Me gusto el nivel, lo que me intereso del nivel fue el gameplay, un gameplay muy decente :3
really fun and easy, gg
2k stars :')
My Favorite Hard Level :')
i closed my eyes and died
i like how you took 70% of my level assets for this. well played
rip mobile players
Demasiada decoracion un poco injugable la verdad 
40805 obj...so the password is 040805 : )
why doesn't have epic??
secret way
hi sub
This needs a low detail mode button
robtop if ur still here tysm for rating level last night!!!! :DDD
end art by:plux218 ! : )
There is so much glow that it's hard to see, but it looks good! :)
lag...
If you read this, look at my profile there is a message for you ;)
i cant even plkay this my pc died
its just one of those days where ya dont wanna wakeup, everything is f*cked and everybody sucks
love it!
GG secret way.
Not epic:( but I still took pride in you,GG
what a beautiful level!!! GG!
I like some of the glow and colors, but the end is pretty rushed :)
TYSM!!! <3
Yep, rated man! Good job! I think it is 2* tho! ;)
Good job guys! :)
very well done! One of my favs!
beans
I guess you could say this level has a little 'charm' to it!
Nice.
ay epic!
GG! :)
charming
GG! :)
Lets go. 
=)   xd
gg 2 coins
i collect coin :)
neato, glad you both are showing improvement
I love it :D
poggers rated! :D
GG 6 attemps 2 coins
some parts look static comparied to others and the styles could be more consistent
Simple and pretty :'3
are you german? enkel is german for grandchild
gg
alta paja                                                                                          
Cool :)
esta hermoso :000
buen nivel
5511
dislike dis coment
:O AMAZING
I feel like this level needs more love <3
esta muy bonito el nivel, muchas felicidades:)
vengo de messenger :D
amazing level
wtf man otro feat, eres grande 
Coin 3: Tap at 93%
thanks for dedication ;D
If you read this, look at my profile there is a message for you ;)
Esta bien echo
Fun gameplay, good design AND no default monster bossfight!? This clearly isnt 2.0 based son
WHO THINKS 2.2 COMING OUT THIS CHRISTMAS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
say first and your gay              wait
Not bad
fun fact of the day: my underwear is green
Nice.
i   am   currently   jumpig  on the bed  B)
dang this song is a banger
Decent job!
Ugh, I forgot how immature most of this community was...
STFU = stop tickling fuzzy unicorns
guys i broke my leg
Muy bueno :) Ojala obtenga estrellas 
turning my mom's divorce papers into a plane
2 att. This should obviously get rated.
why do simps exist?  like bro just buy a wench
Don't take it too seriously? This is amazing!
no disl1keb0ts for now, robtop seemed to have learned his lesson, epic ratings seems are taken care
@BlueJay who said 2.2 was coming Christmas? You know ... RubRub has a long history of "lying"
like if you think 2.2 will ever come out (22 of december)
p
ingfo spek device yg tahan ama part kirikanan ~m
nice
Top best Waterflame songs
Good ! sent to mods !
Fix secret way on 19%
aku ga ikut bang
The level would've been really cool if the entirety of it was styled like Scot's part
Ntah kenapa, gameplaynya agak bosan meskipun ada suprisednya. Tapi art diakhir bagus dan pas
cool, but someone here stole xender games dream flower art....
best part to me is kirikanan's part
800 stars :)
GG!!
pipipi calon mantu
No ingfo
Pipipi Calon mantu mau lewat
Hadeh amat
good level
Ngocok gaes ~unknown admin
ur collabs are dope
whoever made the last 2 parts is cool
congrats on daily :)
congrats on ur first epic
who is crashyy and how did they crash
my birthday is actually this week but i feel like top comment isnt a good wish 
onara is fart in japanese-
MutantX is now my wife
sometimes when i sleep i accidentally shit my pants but i think thats normal
santa is real he smashed all the windows in my house before heading back north, he even left a note
no matter your age, gender, religion, social status, or race, you will eventually end up in gay bar
if watermelons exist then so do earthmelons, firemelons, and airmelons. these are the elemelons.
level
Nice! :)
i  was born on the side of  the road  cuz thats where most accidents  happen
who want glizzy? on a bun? Ayoooo what are you thinking?! You dirty minded brat
patched secret way
Having all of the Minecraft Handbooks was like having the frickin' Infinity Gauntlet in third grade.
marry me connot pls i beg
Onara with reverb
THERES NO WAY
Good job!
Wow esta super epico :O ya quiero ver ese Epic
wait thats illigal
Amzing Good Job
que decoracion tan loca para sin si quiera le den epic :'(
i can't stop playing it ^^
GG! :)
dedicame un nivel pauf eres el mejor!!!
a lot of whats here is really new. lots of good ideas. cant wait to see more from you :)
dislike dis coment
se siente bonito cuando te dedican un nivel)):
Increiblemete espectacular!!! gracias por la dedicacion bro<3
gg first try
Coin 3: Touch the bottom platform at 71% Go down at 73% Finally go up at 76%
Colors and backgrounds can improve, but nothing bad, keep it up :)
GG first try :)
kul
Oh Wow Pauf Increible Se Merece Epic We
thats the first time i saw high detail
esto esta genial Dedicame Algun Nivel Pauf!!!
like if you have 0 creator points ;)
How many knots can a Knots knot knots if a Knot man could knot knots
Please improve gameplay of your levels.
furries having secks:
can you knot
fun
the gameplay is pretty bad, try to make it more readable next time. looks good tho
wanted to beat this as a joke for my friends but oh my god i cant even its rly bad
chance the creator
Glowdern
how u create ur levels without high objects alert? this is so detailed :O
wait wut secret way at 21% how
cheance
mate what is that ship transition like cmon
..............................uh so
If you read this, look at my profile there is a message for you ;)
GG! 23.000 stars :)
2 weeks ago you only had 2 CP. Your creating so fast
secret way 
Looks Great Like The City Style
Not bad
Why are all the coins in the first third?
should be featured and rated
and people said you cant learn from video games
to get the first coin there is this symbol at 1% its an invisible dash orb hold then let go
1st coin: jump at logo (1%) 2nd coin: go up on wave 3rd coin: tap extra times at spider part. :)
if you beat this level like this
E=mc2
almost convinced that you're a team account, you build levels faster than humanly possible wtf
wow super chill and fun!
Graphene :)
esto deberia estar en el nivel de la semana :D
1 att, cool level, well deserved feature :)
how you get first coin?
If you actually made this, good job bro
GG all coins :) nice level
bill nye the science guy, bill bill bill bill bill bill, BILL NYE THE SCIENCE GUY!!
Aunque no lo complete esta chido el nivel :3
700stars
...third coin: spider tap shile in mid air the 2 squares to activate te coin
They had us in the 1st percent not gonna lie
please playtest your levels
love it
Super laggy
Like for epic
put a uldm
couldnt you put an uldm?
lag
the lag ...
lag :'(
low deatail mode helps 
gg me exploto el pc :D
144hz bugged at 78% :/
So Much Lag Im Pretty Much SpeedHacking At This Point
GG! :)
lag
nice
GG! 73.000 stars :)
Font: RayZN :)! Credits. 
laggg
Like If You Are Grinding Usercoins. Lol.
Nice progression with theme and style, just needs better polishing & more appealing transitions :)
After the completion of 6 Demons in a row, I really need this! <3
Thanks so much for rate rob!
GG! Kinda bland imo. Still really good :) Feature worthy?
you really need a high iq to understand Jamerry levels.
Is this easy or extrreme demon?
day 2 of trying to get 3500 stars by beating 75 easies; 1/75
Like this if you accidently got the first coin
coin2: tap all the speed portals durring the ship section
How do get the first coin!?
To get 1st mini coin hold jump after first jumppad. Collect 2 more to get 1st coin.
i was friend with this dude before they got cp. and i just notice they almost have 10cp
Nice and calm :)
coin 1: get all mini coins at first cube. coin 2: tap when speed change at ship.coin 3 tap 2 time55%
every time you see clocks in a level, you know its already a very good level ;)
Awesome level! :)
Omg so confusing gameplay
trash
hermoso nivel unu
I disabled like/downloads auto update. No bug its there I just manually update. Testing stuff
Wanted to see if the auto update system was causing the server freezing
im not tripping but does anyone else notice there are no downloads nor likes? weird
If Rob does not give this epic I will make sure Santa will take him to the gulag for naughty people.
It's official, I now dub thee Marrk, King of Transitions
Atheists confused when I say grace at dinner because they dont see anyone named Grace invited
my wife is impossible to sightread i keep dying at 52%
I hate super smash bros because there are no obese woman of color >:(
:00
hello i am a fish. i live in the abyssopelagic region of the pacific ocean. i survive off of bacteri
GUYS. The boobabooba big booby tiddy milker badunkadunk honk honk milk truck    just arrived.
i just hate that n word means slave and is offensive to black people but the only ones getting offended are whit people which is hilarious
poop fart funny 69 xd lol
harbor you're literally laughing at team 10 merch and allah akbar. you're officially worse than me
HOLY CRAP I CANT BELIEVE ROBTOP JUST RATED RAINBOW STRIKE BY SERPTOP  ON THE LIVESTREAM
my teacher refused to bump up my 49% to a 90% i hate him
test again
i just finished with juniper 
i was thinking that when or if 2.2 comes, it will most likely bring back all the old chatters
I played almost this entire level with my mouth wide open in pure astonishment.
LDM recommended
why on earth did you think it was a good idea to put the cat in the foreground
Send To Mods :)
Thanks for the LDM. Nobody wants to see cats covering the whole screen.
RobTop esta vivo :|
too many timings in a harder 6...
Last time i had this bad a time with a level was theory of relativity
cant is blocking my veiw ;-;
Excelente nivel. Buen Trabajo!
Above gay, now get me under RobTop (this is a joke)
pass
what the hell is this
plah in ldm that way the cat doesnt obstruct ur vision
LDM Recommened
here before rate my friend :)
LDM recommmended
It was harder than I thought. gg :)
try to add coins in one of your new levels bro! :o
gg
I thiught the song name was Hypixel LOL
will you love me as i bald? no
maggie is damn lucky
Would you love me if I played GD..
same tbh I dont respect bald people
I dont think yall realize this but I made this for my dog... I felt bad not getting her an xmas gift
"Why did you leave me" "Because you play GD"
sans the skeleton dating simulaytor
would you love me if i ordered the deluxe mcballs sandwich?
WHO DISLIKEB0TTED ROBTOPS COMMENT, ITS PROBABLY NORNIDE
john got absolutely destroyed
is this a Dr. Seuss book or something
love the comic sans
im getting maggie vibes
imagine she says no to everything
probably not
Dislike-botting RobTop's comments is not funny. Get a new joke.
dont worry robtop, i click like
i will not love you if you are bald. because im a dude
:john:
Sorry but I don't date people who use Comic Sans MS as their font
64 days have passed since my last Featured (12-10-2020).
doesnt look great but plays well atleast, solid work on the gp :)
go robtop go robtop go !!
go robtop go robtop go !!
Well, thank you RobTop.
x)
Not bad :)
Wow :)
found
Cool :D
Thanks for dedication <3
nice level, algunos movimientos estan un poco mal ejecutados pero en si todo bien, suerte. x)
este bro yo siento que sera mod en un futuro, 4 cps bro, sigue asi ;)
lindo
go robtop go robtop go !!
Hitbrose - Hitbrous.
GG Fluked from 56%.
GG!
gg 12 attempts
jesus thats a lot of glow
RubuRubu abusing his power to highlight level using his own songs. How corrupt...
easy it is
Petetion to make medium levels a thing again
that background gives official background vibes
i hate part 1 give me part 2
domer
STOP FUC*ING LIKING MY COMMENTS
woooo easy rate
Le woods
Part 1 complete
Extreme Demon
Insert Comment
This should be 2 star
the mitochondria is the powerhouse of the los angeles mafia and criminal cartels
you got some good tracks rob lol
ah god i gotta get part 2 done now then
Hi guys how are you :)
This chat is a place to talk to users, not share your levels unfortunately
Why are people saying 'GG one attempt' on an EASY rated level, like, you call THAT a victory??
and yet you guys wonder why mods never come to daily
petition to ban all like if comments -> ->
this is pog
Pretty clean. :)
very good
if this doesnt get epic, idk what will
hehey hey
Awesome work :o
pass is: 496308
awesome work!
This Is Really Nice! :3
fonts by: fonter, rayzn, pentpresents
This is epic
thx for d :^)
Deco, gamplay, todo, es buenisimo. No veo puntos de falla. 10/10 <3
why is not epic? like if you believe the same thing.
that part when u roll on the coin is my favorite ;)
Who was here before this got rated?
koll
Do not disturb
this is lit!
Like= 10 free extreme demons :)
like = GDvesuvius better Dislike = ViPriN better
v impressive
Welcome to The Jungle
below me C000kie comment
below me gdvesuvius comment
ty :)
LALALALA ELMOS WORLD
BETTER THEN VOPRIN LEVELS!!!,cograts you are so good creating
Good playing
Below me is a gdvesuvius comment
Very unique!
ur lvls r great
how do u do this art? :)
a lot of lag but good
Again another amazing job bye you
below me is a Onism comment. Above is a GDvesuvius comment
person below predicted future lmao
coo, but had a mini heartattack at the end there
I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!! =D
claim your "here before rating" ticket here
Gameplay wise, this has got to be one of the worst insanes I've played and I've beaten them all...
The atmosphere is neat, but there's a lack of movement and progression, and the gameplay is rough
GG 124 attempts. Epic level, a bit of bugfixes and it'll be perfect
Thank you for putting my name at the end!!!
deserves easy demon
interesting level, but i think this is easy demon for its dual in the middle of the level.
GGGGGG YOU MONKE
Amazing Dual!!
Well this is a fkin demon. 
This level is so good... get this rated ASAP
yoo omg it got rated! DrCuber has the CP now. GG man
DrCuber is my daddy
one of the best easy demons ive played in a while lollll
good to see it rated, but more like a demon imo.
YOOOOOOOOOOOOO GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
good for 1st cp
What kind of shit gameplay
this is absolutely not 9 stars, idk what drugs you were on when you requested that
gg
A Spanish version of DanZmeN
"DanZteN"
Pass is: 123456 :)
Thanks Robtop :)
who found the coin
*Ermano Porfin Tienes Featured :)
GG, cool glow level! Touch trigger at 72% for coin :) 
the ripoff danzmen got cp lol
Listo Bacp Ya Le Puse Low Detail Como Me Dijiste Bro :)
Idk about you but that deco looks very dangerously similar to Dreamy Abyss by f3lixsram
why the hell did rob rate a level by a danzmen impersonator
un amor hecho nivel?
10098 Descargas :o
Muy Ermoso :)
Optimize The Level Because Many People Suffer From Lag :)
This level is more empty than my brain during a test.
Ya Toca Featured...
Si Ya Tiene Featured :)
where is the coin
Pense que todos los pinchos del final eran autos XD
net blin shaurma
Deco is really nice, but damn, the stupid invisible gameplay bits
gg! secret way
xo4y cheburek
GG! Secret way, thanks FramedPower
jump over the red pad before the drop at 43% thanks u framed power!
vkusno?
I would recommend to make your level progress more - there's a noticeable staleness near the end
secret way gg
Secret way before drop jump before red pad 
keep the use of invisible platforms in gameplay to a minimum, just add visible structures
net blin blin
GG secret way go watch Framedpower!
xer
this gameplay is absolute dogshit
pretty bad gameplay
gg Hidden
ya sqel
GG
nice cheburek,a ya vet tozhe hotel cheburek(
The trollge will be released in 5 days. Seek shelter immediately.
no survivors
LITERALLY MY FASTEST RATE WHAT
oh im reading but i dont respond to people begging
SEEK SHELTER IMMEDIATLY
Password: 693145
Stop trollin'
Beware! Cuidado! (of The Trollge)
the trollge is come
the trollge
i actually quite like the song
i hope you find shawty
Bababooey
blood floats in blood
its not. i added that there due to the name being what it is
why are people disliking, dislike only the comments that deserve to be disliked
i love when people who havent played the game enough tell me that my level doesnt deserve a rate
do it
Bingus nuts
i just did
This is amazing, I love the colors :)
Reminds me Neigefeu. Simple and effective
Fantastic colors!!
I like this :P
Good job! :)
this has some nice ideas, great job c;
how the hell do you pass the beginning excuse me?
the music sync is amazing
damn
Reminds me of ACU
Sweet uwu
here from wulzy
nice and readable :D
amazing colors! ^_^
Amazing theme and design throughout! Could use a little polishing but definitely feature worthy!
:c
I love this music
is awesome! 
GG! :)
nice
if theres a moffe and a moffer where is moffest
*when the two top comments include me, but i have nothing to do witht the level*
Moffe and Moffer collab when
Moffe and Moffer had a child and they named it Moff
Honestly pretty cool! Work on that gameplay and transitions, they made it sorta annoying.
this is easy demon but other than that, swaggy
20 attempts, really fun to play! The song and design together create a beautiful atmosphere. Love it
difficulty is unbalanced but really nice work besides that
difficulty is unbalanced, but really nice concept
gameplay is atrotious
DEAMON
Purple is the sickest color
how is this insane 8 holy
Que asqueroso nivel. 2/10
this level tried to be a demon and failed
GG
Yooo this is so cool ill definently try and best this <3
gg 61 att most of them were from the beggining pretty fun level
your balancing skills are out of this world thank you so much for that disgusting t3 deco.
Very cool! gives me dungeon vibes, probably harder than 8 stars tho
Bounce pad designs are kinda weird also great level :D
Pog
Better than valhallah for sure
Messy at times but overall pretty cool level
This is why I despise custom orbs/portals
more improvement :j
nice level a bit messy at the beginning tho
not bad, though i think you should try stepping out of the city/town theme in your levels :J
Custom portals makes it feel more confusing, cause idk if it was a wave or a gravity portal.
GG! With this level complete, I have managed to get 601 stars in the past 6 hours :P
6 cpeen. still kinda sad that you left halp and hydro in 3 cp gang
"cum" -mikal
either, all custom obj, or none. Stop mixing them, makes the gameplay frustrating.
amazing deco decent gameplay
needs rate
custom objects are unnecessary and ruin the enjoyment of the level.
Is something wrong with the wave at 56? sometimes the d blocks work but usually it just kills me
your best bgs.  try going out of ur comfort zon more.
GG SOULS
if this comment is hacked and you cant like,                                DISLIKE.
cutie <3
cute
"apoyo emocional" me refiero a que ella me motivo a seguir y no abandonar el nivel ^o^/
Hermoso
Gracias Rob <3
i'm back :)
1st coin 64% jump over the mini portal 2nd get a heart at 86% wich gets u the coin at 97%  
This level puts a smile in my face..
XD yo buscando a la novia en comentarios jajaja
*Le da mas apoyo emocional*
mas gracias a tu amor que hizo que trajeras tan bonito nivel
grande tu novia 
GG Bro, Nice Level. UwU
This is cleaner than my school superintendent.
GG Bro :^)
Good Day Everybody :)
GG
hola :D
Good level :D
Me encanta este nivel, y esta SUPER bien decorado ^^!
rather repetitive but everything looks super smooth, sent for rate :)
ive been getting a lot of complaints about the bd, ill try and vary the blocks more in future levels
I PLAYED THIS 30 SECONDS AGO, I COME BACK AND ITS RATED!
Nice, although the concept of the designs and structures are kinda repetitive :)
hungry balls and
hi
oh wow a new rated level
GG with coin. For coin: Collect all the keys at: 23%, 34%, & 40%.
gg so good wtf
The most recent update of this level added one indicator arrow, since ig i missed one lol
gg 21 attempts 1 coin oops
great work dude
haha epic reddit gold
loooks rrly nice :$
pass 696969
hatsume niku
Sex. Now.
good, but spikes look likes decoration :(
<3
GG <3
Thank you all for the nice comments! I really appreciate it :D
i can hear viprin opening his obs
very cool level :)
this is epique
man you still got it, this is insanely cool
YOOOO THIS IS INSANE!!!!! coins were hard but fun too!!
A message to the dislike botter; you have no life, and nobody loves you, not even your mother
AHHH I MISSED U BBY :((( 
HES ALIVE??
F*CK YOU DISLIKE BOTTERS
Good level for a comeback, :)
dope
Omg i miss you ;3;
Nice to see your creation again :)
Back with a banger, this is sick!
yo?
also first victor pog
pass is : 447887 like 
welcome back :)
Nice level, it's also nice to see you make something after so long! :)
the raining particles is a pretty lame way to fill up space, nice level otherwise
he said don't die... but then I died right after he said that!!! :D
yes
Cool! Designs work really well together and spaces were filled nicely. Song is overused tho! :(
Simple and so great effects. GG ;)
well this is pog
gg I love the deco :)
hopefully it gets rated this time, good luck :D
gameplay so good. gg 1att
Very good level!
Cool!
GG 1 Attempt :).
he said dont die and then i die. pog
We've heard this song a million times already, maybe it is time to choose something else, idk?
1000th like!
tf this is actually sick
surely rob aint finna rate 3 levels and dip
nice but r e a l l y 
NOOOOO
reminds me of firework
For coins: End 1st ball part upside down, then go through bottom block at 28%
Not too bad :)
easy levels be like: guess i'm auto now
switch gravity before you enter the wave portal for the coins can i pls get likes
Cool :0
perdonenme si me adelante con el nivel, no sabia si publicarlo ese dia o navidad
coins in ball for 28% click to up in ball to cube you get 3 coins
agradezco su apoyo chicos, soy muy afortunado en tenerlos a todos <3
Happy Crismas Everyone :D
accidentpy did it with three coins in 1 att cuz im so stupid and went upside down at ball
free coins
coins?
where coins????
750 stars
why are all of the 2 star levels mostly auto with like a couple jumps?
Free level
where all coins?????
gg 2 att 3 coins
happy birthday
HOW DOES THIS LEVEL NOT HAVE 1M LIKES?!?!
my batery low
I already am in the dark side... O.o
batterie
who is Shee? and why do people want to ban them
Good Job Jordi
Really cool, the song is interesting. lol
Song sounds like something out of a horror movie .
yo my brother made this song, awesome level :d
GG 1 attemtp 1 coin
GG 14,000 stars!
Nice! This got me my 500th coin :)
I hope this level gets fetured cuz this is amazing!
Preety cool
Man, you are a GREAT creator!
my favorite level
Interesting level...
yall dont seem to rate things consistently, this is way easier than most normal levels
i dont love it but i like it. its a calm level. not used to them that much
GG Jordi :)))
Im fine:) ok no theres school, then im not fine:/
ok so hypothetically if i were to say boots and cat, what would you do
could get rated. there are, however, some big issues with level pacing and speed in relation to song
coins: 5%, 22%, 45% - like for people can see! :)
Decent deco, but not a big fan the gameplay at all. Regardless, lets see if this is your first rate.
you'd like to thank *who*?
Design is good, but not 5*, it's 7*
super annoying and super bad and the orb timings do not make it 5* at all
im going to eat your balls blakers
Cool looking level, gameplay doesnt work very well in a 5* tho
this gameplay is horendus
how it is possible to make a bad gameplay in a 5* level omg
i really like this level
the gp was way worse lol.
I promise to improve in future levels lol, thanks for the feedback.
Never got around to playing this, anyways its really unique and  looks great overall
GG!!, have hard timing:( but GG
This level is unstable
oooooooooo 1st point of creation
I am thankful lol
lag ;-;
Did you really have to specify that you buiilt this level in the editor
Fun fact: this level was built in the editor
i had a joke about chemistry but i got no reaction
If You Had Your Eyes Closed While Trying To Like This Theres A 88% Chance You Will Fail
Clean level, a bit repetitive... I suggest to focus more on backgrounds and effects
my balls itch lmao
please refrain from posting memes in #general
not bad!
We should get a daily demon...
some people dont want 2.2 actually
why did u end the lvl at the best part of the song? ._.
like this comment if yeg.
Pretty decent, I would try to do more with custom background to make it look even better :)
3 likes and I will actually try to get some sleep tonight
1. Download GD 2. Get Addicted 3. Download Twitter 4. She/Her
yeg
70 plus 20?       Me: 90
omg i have 2 likes omg
hi
wassup daily chat
i see a ton of potential with you
this is so good
TENZK CREATOR POINTS LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
GGGGG ON FEATURE POGGGGGG
hit green orb late here.
i ate the funny marker LUL
The Green Poop man with smol eyes got His First cp! GG :)
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/645668994036138005/879856156279980083/E8n2FEoXEAQOxwz.jpg
I love this, the colors and atmosphere are done really well and the gameplay is enjoyable
This is so good, hope you get your first cp from this!
why isnt this getting more attention, this level is so good
no
yo this good
50 likes and featured :O
gg first rate 10zk
very fun
he done did it
The title and the description make me wanna E
probably the best insane in the game
gg
This drop slaps harder then my dad after a long day at work imo
Typical is cool
it takes 1 tap to beat this. 1. this has to be a record
Rob, epic or gimme ur money
you can click early at 38% now if you want
wait... YOU MADE THIS IN MOBILE 
Why not epic?
GG! Amazing level!
Easier than ReTray, lol.
how is this not epic rated
That wasn't bad!
XD
ikr its almost as if the level is rated easy
not bad 10/10:)
GG
this is insane
Amazing!
2020 stars :P
i am so proud of people for one attempting a TWO STAR
Also thanks for dedication :)
You dont get older, you get better. Happy birthday!
Mellow
sorry for soo lazy level . next level will be much better :p
thank you all!
discord white theme.
insane level bro sorry im late but happybirthday
That was too bright
great level with free coins, but extremely hard to see
You need more contrast in this. I can barely see anything.
lol like free coins thanks :)
happy birthday enjoy the day during this pandemic
happy birthday bro :3
Thanks for the coins!
Thank for easy quest and for free coins! :)
Happy b day dude :D Aolso pretty good lvl for making it in 1 day!
Today Is My Birthday
lol was mina too lazy to copy and paste spikes at the end
happy birthday :D
sunset sandstorm has his little brother
hb
GG 101k stars! :D
on 26 you have to push the structures instead of jumping over them :P
how do u pass 26
like this comment if you like this comment
awesome!
wow these moving obj's so cool
needs epic. this is insane :O
45 likes on a featured?
GOOD
Best level!
fun concepts
daily? maybe
26% = Push the blocks
GG! 2 coins
XD
impossible jump
:)
yo.
63rd
GG
dont hurt his feelings
67,000 stars :)
need more attention :)
really cool
Smooth gameplay! Very fascinating!
robtop rate this
awesome theme and progression, definitely one of my new favorites
gg nice level
this need to be epic
very nice
q
que guapo
Ayyyy it's featured nice
Noice! So LOVELY! Thanks a ton! GG! <3 Much love, wishes yours truly & sincerely, your boi, P0SITIV3
GG! With coins! :D
gg!
fuk
THIS IS ONE OF MY FAVORTIVE LEVELS, KEEP IT UP MAN!
if this doesn't get epic i'm going to (add punishment here)
Not actually, but probably actuality of probability of percntage and pizza is Pizzentage
To be honest, I dont think ppl with epilepsy should be playing GD at all
1-coin 60 spam 13% 2-coin 85% trigger (97%) like?
3.5k attempts to beat. lets goooooo
bruh
Like Noctorin said, This looks just like Ambu by Neigefeu
krmal will still find a way to turn this to an extreme demon xD
1st coin 60 spam on 1% - 13% 2nd coin on the 85% tap on orb like?
yet another neige ripoff, awesome
nice level neig, oh wait
can people please stop ripping off other creators kthx
soooooo wheres the coins?
i agree that this needs to be more original, but youre not one to be talking, typical
We die for our music
WHERES THE COINS!!!!
epilepsy when?
1 like - 1%
omg 938472918 attempts my new hardest
poor cube, it didn't finished the jump
where are the coins?
Sometimes hoomans mishear the word six,do not think it wrong
you are improving, would be cool to have more color variation though
50k estrellas :D
pass is 517346 like plis
More colours would be nice but the block design and gameplay are sweet
am i dumb
A remake of first race
another moon and another rate from robtop!
@TheKroko its not really an endscreen
GG 1 coin
Super fun !
what
Niceee :3
GG
gg good level
The level really falls apart in the end but the beginning was fun and energetic!
AMAZING...... LEVEL I LIKE IT............ GG xD
OMG AMAZINGGG
like if 1st orb is saying something to you
Noice & QUICK FUN lvl! I really enjoyed the feel of the rush here! Was such a blast! Thanks! GG! 8-)
imagine taking over bunch's comment :)
Thanks everyone!! <3
Pretty good
It probably wouldve benefitted from an overarching theme or color scheme to tie it together
net blat maximalism
A new Guatemalan creator with cipi :D
Epicardo ;)
muy buen nivel, me encanto la primera parte :)                                                     
ala! que semi proyecto ambicioso se lanzaron! Owo
Felicidades por tus primeros CPS!!
WooW .. thats really cool , featured worthy :)
why
 
dectButelino
level ok
GG featured yeah
very cool
i hope u get your firzt cp soon
GG ALL COINS!  this song is vibe!! ^^
felicidadades bro 
F*ck this level
Marica tu, marica yo
Noooooooooooooo 3nd :(
very colorful :)
MA HI A HIIIII MA I A HUUUUU
like =fearured
Nice song
GG 1 coin
For @jeikins
funny song
#cleaderboard ai dreptate
*your eyes (sorry)
best song ;)
dedicado a los wapos de vico, xanitz, blackwolf. :3
 the low detail mode dosent really do anything its just useless
oooo neat level
KILn tEi
Nice
song ._.XD?
pluma pluma xd
Marica ha haaa
ahhhh es hermoso bro, muchas gracias por este nivel! 
this level is a level. thats why imma get the top comment of this level
yiyi
thanks Rob <3
Lindo mae 
woow
this needs to be rated
GG :)
GG easy 15 attempts
lol 1 att GG
Goooo
GGGGGGGGG FEAT 
Nice level! Some parts are kinda empty tho, sent!
GG!
love
?
I DiD
gg 3 att
very cool level <3
Si
patrick star thigh pics
Pack your bags, Dittoh, you are leaving the beta 2 CP gang, and entering the alpha 4 CP gang.
i love seasalt by dittoh and it is super cool seasalt by dittoh is the coolest level and i love it
i hate seasalt by dittoh it is the worst level seasalt by dittoh is terrible and it sucks and i hate
interesting that people either love or hate the gameplay
pass 585170
diswiked, twuwy one of da wowst things ive seen in my showt wife on this pwanet UwU
One of the easiest demons I've ever played lol
polish cow demon level
overall fun to play, the first and last parts kinda ruin it tho
m
like if dittoh is obes.e...
like for easy demon dislike for medium demon
reupload, sorry everyone!
so unbalanced
749 + 24 = 773 ATTEMPS... and... 3 hours
gg 19 attempts KomodoHype
just kidding i hate it
Sea Salt by RedRusker
i love
if you noclip this level youre a cheetah
based on my blocktober day 20 (animal) entry
how are you so cool?
kfc
That description promised one thing and we received something quite different
clean 
why did you name it after a drug
The pass is 276180, if you want to copy it.
wtf HollowWolf...
how to get the first coin
rawr
saw the coin and died
Good level
please dont the cat
GG 4k estrellas :'D
12k stars
Jump over the cube portal and stay a robot to get the 1st coin... Nice animal print level
mfw face when cat level but wolf song
not too bad :)
1 att ;-;
who is oral's ex ??????
code is 235 <33 GG!!
should i post this to my yt, 5 likes and i will;)
tap 2, 3, and 5 at ship part for coin.
this is kinda creepy
hey look its a remake of my level
in ship part tap on 2 3 and 5 but not any other to get coin
did anyone else see the LOL in the level?
finally auto level isn't animation
how did
god
me wen i love my cocain
132546
i was holding on a dashorb until the end lmao
Code for coin is 235
66% issue is fixed. thank you TJ13!! and thank you Beau :)
code:235
POV: You are looking for the code in the comments
codigo 235 
LOL, I guessed the code randomly for first try :O
Jeeeeesus...
ggs. first cp and very nice! colours really great
Rob you know what to do ;)
Not bad :)
that endscreen is H O T
Lol, should be demon
yo frapai got cp gg
Reall flipping hope this is your first cp frap!:)
Great job Pai! I'm proud of you, this better get rated bruh.
Cool vibes, the brightness is too much at the drop though..
Estaba farmeando a gusto, hasta que me encontre con esto.
this would make a great weekly demon (easy)
Yes this is so awesome!
great gameplay, thanks for brightening my day
great level
i thought it said parents are yummy
im allergic to peanuts
Peanuts make me vomit :D
Finally! a level of you got rated
i said holly free holly because this lvl is amazing so y u dislike >:(
wake up babe new loltad level
GG! 434 attempts, I don't compliment levels very often these days, but this is truly amazing :)
like if you spent like 10 attemps trying to find a way through the beggining
yeah thanks I love it
why are all of the recently rated hard demons actually insane demons
Really nice level dude!
holy the originality is real
weirdest gameplay ever
very nice atmosphere and pretty unique and satisfying gameplay although there are a couple bugs
GGGGGGGGGGG EPIC LEVEL
guys pass is 333333 lol
wow this is so neat
that was one of the worst experiences i have had with a hard demon in a very long time
after one practice run i made it from 21% straight to 52% omg i love this level
mobile mastergame
whos gonna tell this man that 'unique' doesn't mean 'good'
I love everything about this level, nice job! GG! :)
my nuts are bouncy
This 100% an insane demon. I think more people agree than disagree.
350 atts(1st practice run), 165 atts(2nd practice run)  :'v   This is Insane Demon, not hard, INSANE
featured worthy  3 or 4 stars
The song brings me back to 2.0, the design reminds me of early 2.1 Optical.
You could have experimented with color pulses, I appreciate you made a good level without any glow!
1st coin: go upside down into top platforms at last robot. 2nd coin: drop at start of last robot
How do you get coin 1?
this level make me go oooooooooooohhhhhhh ahhhhhhhhh ahhhhoooooooo
very cool! :D
gg 2 atts
boring
LOVELY. THANKS. GG! <3
Hi Sonar
nice level
My Favorite Flower! :))
sIxD NoIn3
funny number
GG EASY :)
Nice simple fun level. Very chill. Great music. GG Bruv
this needs a 3 star feature
Very cool, send to mods!
nostalgia
definitely gonna be your first cp, thanks for dedication too ((=
Kyus best water without a doubt
danzmen the rodent
OMG THANK YOU ROB!!! THANKS EVERYONE!!!
dat the rat woman                       gender equality
chnok
DIFFICULTY RATING ALREADY LETS GOOOO
GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG FAT FURRY CHONK
almost 500 likes :o
GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
ok chonk
I really like the click indication, more people should use this in their levels ;)
it can't get daily because of the portal at the start
didnt know danz sounded like this
hehe 420 likes :>
work on your colors and blocks, other than that this is cool... good luck on rate
uwu
-__-
HRIDHRIDHDU GGGGGGG KYUMINI AAAAAAAAAAAAAA :DDDD
Muy Bommnito
Thank you so much for use my song! 
ok there is ABSOUTLY no way that rob cant rate this. he literaly has to
The gameplay is not the best but the deco is very nice, good job :)
like if you are before featured ;)
i really want to enjoy this kind of level, but 79% - 100% is literally aids gameplay
I don't know if this will be featured, but anyways it's good!
Gimme a couple minutes hehe, updating empty parts :)
this is cool, but I feel like the transitions in between parts could be better :)
why do all of you creators always feel the need to drastically increase the difficulty at the ending
this is outstanding, this is your best work :)
GG Was kind of enjoyable until the dual ball & the end of the level.
Dont let minecraftieawes copy your level, he is gonna say he made it. 
Not bad, missing some elements and feels unfinished. Nice backgrounds, keep improving.
ok so this is rate worthy if you agree say hi in comments alright cool
Deberias hacer el gameplay mas predecible y visible a su vez, por el resto nada mal ;)
beauitfol
good decor :D
pass plis
gg
that's lit! definitely your best level!
Hooooly moly, you did an awesome job! First work from a girl. That's incredible huh...
not bad! please try to add an option to remove custom orbs.
wow neat!
It's the first featured level with my friend's song ! Thank you for using his music and congrats :)
Invisible speed portals are bothersome.
dorami played this level
110k stars
Kopicz, gg! 
good level.
Lets Goooo!!!
gameplay is a disaster
I Beet Yusha! :)
@Nukewarrior you sound like you can make better, but you actually dont
Awesome level
Good work, Nastya! :)
YOU USED MY FRIEND'S SONG <3
Very cool! GG with rate:3
YOSHA!
Shoulvde used modern portals instead of custom ones but otherwise good lvl
nae nae killoway
Dokajite chto tochki A1,C,B1 lezhat na odnoi pryamoi
podpiska like sosiska
...tili-tili snus. oformi vkid skoree...
Deniska?
I like it
Nazvanie kak vsegda 10/10
net blyat azkaban mudak
ochen crasivo
Not bad, feels a very bit empty on some parts but overall it's calm :)
ke verga el idioma de los top comment :0
relaxing
Imma just be here and pretend i know Russian...
RUSSIA!
kains: ne povezlo ne povezlo
sam dura
denicka?
Russia?) i'm Russian)
rycckie Boshi v 4at :)
kains nu ty i tupaya
nice
GG! :)
All Harder 100% Dubbayoo!... ((16/12/2021))  :'3
GG All Coins Finally.
damn daniel
Y only a few comments???
why are there only 3 comments? (this one included)
mmmmmmmmmm
what happened to the comments lmao
Happy birthday boundin!
Why is there just 1 comment?
1 attempt gg
not bad, sent for rate :)
Collect your here before feature ticket here
8cp's Thank you all friends!!! <3 01/12/2020.
my man dancre is becoming a godly modern creator 
Although some parts need to be more polished, I like the intention, not bad :)
pass: 011220
Congrats for featured!
pleaaaase start using more masks and filters like that last part. that was hot.
i thought that was a bounce pad
Awesome!! <3
Buen uso de colores
Thanks for the dedication my friend! You have really improved!
aja me falta decir... GG 100% completado si eso :v
Very clean! Colors could be more variating however, it also feels kind of static overall
GG! All coins! 9 Attempts (8 in practice & next attempt fluked from 0 -100%) :D
Thanks for the dedication! Glad i could be there along the way :).
GG on feature dude!
So cool! :D thx for the dedication bro <3! Good Job
1 like= im a god# support mobile users
Not good.
Thanks for all the comments guys! Means a lot to me. If you gave me feedback, know that I definitely saw it and will take it into consideration :)☆
ITS BACK
IT GOT RATED LETS GOOOOO
Humanity has became weird since people think fortnite is a good game
the best level are the ones that come out at 4am
not bad!
kinda generic in terms of deco but the game play was ok
@SaabS Imagine liking the drop less making that the reason why you use the slow part.
Bit late, but we hit 10.000 downloads. Nice.
gg 4 att, beautiful level!
I like this song :D
The meaning of the song is very deep.
La Humanidad en este mundo es mucha 
Eyy GG!
Cool!
I might be tired, but i still have energy to express how good this is at 1am.
humanity failed
2000 star, thank you so much for making :)))
GG 1 attemp
Beutiful :')
i verified this with my nose
the drop is a lil bit too hard compared to the beginning but these effects look amazing, sent!
My guy, this is gonna be your 1st epic
Block design could use some work, but the effects and sync are great! Solid work!
this looks really nice, good job chase! :)
Tatal Glitches
amazing!!!
some of these gameplay choices were a bit silly
funny number LOl
really cool effects and atmosphere
insane
cooool
lmao
this is awesome actually
Vertigo: Miedo a las alturas ._.XD
Why this dont is epic?
Very fun!
wow but i just fried an egg on my phone screen
coin auto (97%)
made it free copy :)
pretty cool, sent for rate :)
Yes I am true fan of these styles o_0
imagine this level was in map pack :0
its rly cool to see this old concept come back
this level got me to top 100 apparently, nice
Buen gameplay
Do you want a Meltdown themed level? ,,o.o,,
this level is so fun
very fun :)
GG =D
Thank you for bringing me such a great level :D
like if you think this is going to be featured dislike if not
fun
super fun but some parts can be messy
this is like one of those "level mix" levels but actually good lol
supreme dash
Easy to sightread, very cool looking, stunning font, overall a very balanced mix of levels. featured
This is actually really fun
Ufff very nice level !
surprisingly fun and readable!
epic feactured
maybe dont put the lyrics blocking the gameplay x( its decent besides that tho, sent
BUENISIMOOO BROO :DD!
Muchas felicidades amigo. Me algra mucho ver esto en serio , eres un increible amigo :)
Gran level bro :D
Congrats dude! :DDDDD
yea everyone is up for more alright 8)
no esta mal! :)
Me gusta la variacion de estilos por cada parte con una deco nostalgica imo... Hermoso! :)
YOOOO GG BRO 
OMG! 1 ATT, ILL NEVER BE ABLE TO DO THAT AGAIN! FUN LEVEL!
ok so i died on a percentage i should have not died on
GGGG RATED :3
GG!!! rate!!!!!!!!!!! :DDDD
Esto se merece estrellas si o si :o
awesome
gg one attempt on mobile really great job bro comtinue like that you do super cool level! (:
GG ALL COINS
i- just sight read that in 5 attempts
Fast xd
Cool but gameplay s quite annoying
If you like this comment, YOU WILL UNLOCK ALL CUBE ICONS!
who elese tried to hit the black orb
Will update some parts later. Goodnight :>
pas 293742
GG! All coins  annoying level! annoying coins
Nice one for your first modern! Really appreciate for the dedication <3
i agree with hedas its a very nice design but the gameplay is pretty meh. GG :)
<3
this is hard
ldm muy inutil
15000 DIAMONDS :)
Finally a rated level with this song
deja nomas guardate tus bugs
me when mary use my spike spinwheels jgsgdsjdssgkds, jk good level mary youre getting better :)
like this comment if u got this %
GG 1 coin
nice job on getting featured
not that great, but somes parts are alright
why is there glow in a modern level it really stands out compared to the rest of the level
gg on first cp!
deco and song good, gp worse than 2020
NOT 5 star!
Decent deco. I am shocked by this dreadful gameplay
6 star
ufo is bad
assemble~
assemble
i like it! your glow style is enjoyably simple and well-designed.
41.414eme stars (lol)
GG Finally Very awkward gameplay imo.
wht? 5 stars? that exactly 6
to many auto parts!
Looks pretty nice and simple! :)
Really cool! Nice desing and work
i 2 attempted it somehow :/ it seems harder
The gameplay is not funny tbh...
old dude
U did it!
finally i got 1k likes on level, thx guys
Not bad, though quite rough around the edges... Hmmmm
kinda good but kinda not
redditor moment
11111 usercoins! ;) 4/12/2020
good
wtf is this transition
i preffered it with haunted woods tbh
my disappoinment is immeasurable and my day is ruined
GG 3 coins
Who else died here?    ^^^ Here?
Ci stai andando forte con i feature ehh
GG! :)
fun
nbnbnjz nd d fnx ,b,nzz z d, bzvfhehdxbzjzjx,n
GG! :)
GG!this level is nice.
:|
just why?
I'm a F*CK*NG serbian now. i want touch big t1tties.
GG all coins :D top 7#
Press here for rate --------------------->
Pretty neat, like the designs, colors are pretty good too
Cambiate A Movistar 
COINS: 1st coin *12%, 2nd coin *53%, 3rd coin *71%.
Thanks Man! :DD
pass 291120, la papa da poder xd!
Dicen que los que crean bien la tienen re grande, con razon la tengo pequena
ME SIENTO ORGULLOSO DE TI ROBERT TE AMO :3
ola rob
Nothing special, but I enjoyed it!
it looks quite good, and the music works with the level very well
times were better when this song was popular
GG :>
...
Rob la tenes regrande, gg
This is awesome, so fun and the song is great!
xd
Third coins was a bit annoying to find. No reason not to make it visible.
uwu
gg 100 stars :p
Woah! Not bad! Gameplay is neat! :D
This got into the magic tab! Lets go bro!!
so you eat brains? name every type of brain then
Deco could be more interesting but I really enjoyed!
NOOOO WAY I CANNOT BELIEVE THIS HOW DID MY LEVEL ALREADY GET FEATURED NO WAY THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH!!
pretty enjoyable!
no, im optawolf, don't mind these two
I am honestly in awe right now. Thank you SO MUCH Optawolf for sending this!!!!!!
THANKS SO MUCH FOR 1000 LIKES!!!
10,000 downloads :D
Would be nice to put indicator and arrows in the ufo sections but HOLY HOT PAINIS  this is epic
so theres a brainetr and a brainsilver
nice & fun
awesome gp :D
ok bruh
5 att gg the gameplay is amazing
Dude, very epic level! Totally 45 attempts...So what do you think about coins in levels?
so coooool,good gameplay,cool deco this level is amazing 3 att
Very fun to play! 3 attempts! :)
Cool
are you okay bro?
Awesome song choice and atmosphere
this level made me feel emotions that dont exist
(no comment provided)
cool level!
nice level you deserve more likes
i love it <3
Very nice to see the design of this level, great job!
reminds me of the old days... :)
yeah fix portals and transitions but deco is great
Another cool atmospheric level from you, nice job! :)
did he kill himself. in his profilenitnsays see you on the other side
this level is bootiful
nice atmosphere, good ideas and song choice
Top 39 :D
really nice
masterpiece
My friend: show me a cool level Me: here it is      :D
oh god this is, i can not say what it is but it is what it is
i understand wanting to establish a theme but making portals completely invisible isn't cool.
you're impotente
This is extremely vibey... Makes me think... <3
Como dice el meme de el gato "ta potente" xd
coins in 29% 63% and 94%
Ta Potente
Tittle: Impotente me:sisos :)
good level unfortunately ruined by slope bug at 38, please fix
nice bug :>>>>
ta potente 
i dont like the gravity portals transition on the wave
the level is going the wrong way
Ta potente
Nada mal hermano, tienes un gran futuro como creador ;)
why upside down wave
Ni un nivel reciente tiene estos bugs
800 silver coins :3
me siento potente...
hi daily :)
oh no
I like the level, but most of it isnt my style. kinda buggy too
Pretty average, could use more interesting designs and colors, and the like.
Estoy literalmente temblando
NOOOOOOOO ME LA CONTES
Thx again x)
wow! Men you creat better other popular people with cp!!!
Q          U          A          C          K
Gracias javi :)
nice
GG!!
GG por el feat duck
like 4 more "weas" :moyai:
cool :)
duc
in the 45% jump in the first structure for find a easter egg. :)
Axelino
amazing!
XD?
2 att not bad really fun
GG 800 stars:D
Club monster Sans :0
that ufo was genuinely difficult wow
One like = one hacker banned :D
GOOD
GG! :)
claustrophobia: the level
Wow so difficult, it should be Harder 7*
The beginning gameplay is wierd due to the invisable dual.
nice tho
Big
:)
GG
fun
sMALL
Nice :)
suprisingly black and white levels are really good
looks good, you make the black and white color scheme work well, and good use of the minicube
stop making bad gameplay its a waste of my time
j
weirrdd
acxle going strong
me are da burnin fiyah
love the movements in this, they feel appropriate without being detrimental. incredible work fella
First couple parts had me questioning, The brighter half won me over completely <3
for the booligans
SHOUTOUT TCHOTCHKE
ma
this is soo cool!
this truly is the most level of all time
CALL THE FIREFIGHTERS THIS IS FLAMES
why are you stalking my discord status
fire level
TK, your so random
this is so good omg
PogU I WAS HERE.
sick
GG! :)
literally one of the most beautiful levels ive ever played. nice work please make more
ok we get it, you can make very weirdly good levels
damn congrats tk for another rated level
i am writing this comment while eating bread
if thanatophobia was level1
Should be 7 stars
:v secret way 
very pog
Part Duo Ship is Horrible
I need serious assistance
my crush is named endora... im scared
Rated! :)
Spooky
Harrible
type f to pay respect TvT
ah yes 6 stars
The second half is pretty annoying, also the 70% transition didnt work half of the time
El numero gracioso ahora podeis reiros
Noice
^^
when will creators quit placing invisible jump pads at transitions.
71% bug :(
this is actually fire
i literally just dead in an auto part lol
                                                                                  why
average leshawna enjoyer
never have I laughed so hard at a gd level until now
I did in fact enjoy asf
those are eyes that strike fear in the ones of their enemies
mission leshawna complete
there is no god
i cried
why does she look like a grenade 
HAHA YES
PLEASE LMAO
I LOVE LESHAWNA BALL
i am a leshawna enjoyer
le...leshawna sphere
mission leshawna failed :(
                                              She thicc tho, not gonna lie
NO WAY LOOOOL
got them apple bottom jeans
okay this is one of the best rated levels in gd no cap
leshawna ball
no epic, np, but, why the hell is rated insane 8?
nice remake!
GG! (25k Stars)
Robtop, are u ok? This IS EPIC. are u kidding us?
Nice dual! 8)
El viejo es hoy oiste futuro?
really cool :D
Kinda awesome! Definitely work on more intuitive gp in the future :)
Honestly no idea how this didn't get epic.
Awesome level! I really likew whay you did with this! :D
20.000 downloads, thanks you!
YOO BRO! This level is actually epic af. Everything is here is crazy cool except ending in dual part
Where the hell is the epic rating. Come on this level is fire
No sabia que eras tan bueno creando.
EPIC???
hay ruleta de niveles insane XD?
wheres the coins? i love this level but i hate it when the coins are impossible to find.
Really cool :o
next time i'll do better coins, idk why i like to make hard coins like this xd
Coins are impossible to find
why are some portals the same color as the ship
coins in 12% 65% and 88%
nice level, but feels rushed like usual
spruce, birch, acacia, oak
San means mountain in Korean. Well expressed and I felt like as if I'm in the mountain. :)
2020 likes lol
sans un dertale!?
SOY PENDEJO 
GG All Coins. For 2nd Coin: Tap before the green portal at 61% as the ball to go up.
just 5000 stars
GG muy bueno
;D muy bonito y agradable
Epic !!!!!!     
GG 3 coins
xd 1 att nice <3
1 att
Sans
GG
Respect
1att  :3
ROBTOP DO YOUR WORK THIS SHOULD BE FEATURED
Has potential, but the level is just really empty in a lot of spaces, some really cool effects though.
epic
robtop get off your PS5 
Why would you put a 8* wave at end of a really easy level?
This is so cool! :D
Fonters parts were really cool and creative, but yours seemed a bit rushed honestly. great job!
hold at the start to break it
1 att 69 jumps
Just a little more air deco and you're there :)
Nice level :D
very cool level
when you say catch up fast u say ketchup
5 iq
i hate gd mods, they comment ThIs LeVel Is EmPtY then i see their level and their straight up garbag
cool design very cool lvl! gg
cute level i like it 
this is really cool. good to see itic getting some recognition too.
HOW
why the end is harder
Dont Blame Me Either.
Why is it that this song has to go with greyscale levels only lmao 
Thanks for featured. I dedicate this to all my friends, especially Agdor. :D
what a funny percentage.
I'm glad you were inspired by my level, good job!
Pass: 001989 :) Like?
gd made me crazy if it doesnt u aint playing it right
funny number
;-;
geometry dash discord server
no me culpes...
" I'm the Human after all, so don't blame on me "
GG 37k stars :D
42.468eme stars
Very good, just try to make the movements a little smooth :)
but what if I do?
GG':)
challenge wave hard by GoldenGuy162
Nice job, estimado!
Dale mi rey GG
but, cool level bro
cool level b-*gets shot*
@crashyy i was trying to use all the designs kinda mashed together at the end to wrap it up nice
actually cool level bro
ah, I took the wrong path
dont worry ur not the first LOL
I got the " Ship part was cool," comment when I beat the level lol
cool, but level bro
Yes, cool level bro.
Cool level bro
Que cancion mas sobre-explotada
Nice job!
like if you died at 93% multiple times
give me your spine
Yeah cool level but... 4 stars (2 att)
GG VERY COOL LEVEL!!!
nice level bro, good job :)
gg one attempt fluke
Cool level bro
.__.
I love IT !!!!!!!! Thanks to used my song dude !!! :)
Nothing really stands out, but pretty solid level
dislike if zylenox pedo                  like if zykenox not pedo
that moment when there's 95 mods, sending hundreds of levels, but rob only rates one
To my dear disliker: You're not funny
breaking news: minecraft adds air pollution 
Ah yes, playing GD to forget My Ex and found this level. F
da michael wave
whats 60 + 9 first to awnser gets a like
daily chat is kinda cancer which is sad :(
The Make a Wish nurses when the kid says they don't want to die as a virgin:
pass is 21000
Nice and simple, could vary a bit more :)
above me is gay
SunMoon gang
Forbidden love sounds like PTB and Oblivio
:3
you may be a villian but you arent a super one
who wants an apple!?
yes
Looks fine, but the level overall feels repetitive and that mini-ship transition was annoying. 
you kidnapped the deadlocked cubes >:U
to get third coin: dont go into the last blue gravity portal in the ufo. like if helped
The first and last parts are a bit weak but the rest is solid. Sent! :)
Password is 125478. Like so others know :)
The blue portal is a bigger lie than my ex girlfriends love to me.
coins in 45% ( lave 17 y 21%) 66% and 96%
how i get last coin?
not bad, wish there could have been more color changes :)
i hate the last ufo
I like the intention a lot, it's just a lack of variety, and more care in the gameplay.
GG All coins. For 3rd coin: Don't use the blue portal at 88%.
GG, 15,000 stars :)
This level took me to 1000 user coins! GG!
dont go through the last blue gravity portal in the ufo to remain upside down when the ufo part ends
stupid block pushed me to death
1 attp
GG 1000 stars :)
gg
good level ThatJack! :D
If Sayonara was level 1
meot jeo yo
Alguien me dice coml es que mori en el 97
sayonara but easier, GG 8)
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHQA  i  dead  XD
these are the best types levels and if you disagree then your opinon is wrong
reminds me of sayonara in some parts. nice job :)
alright
reminds me of sayonara
momento sayonara
acxle song yum
Black and white level with black and white icons = GG :)
1555 estrellas :D
this is therapy
WHAT
very beautiful level mate :)
cancion reIajante :9
Cool Level Bro! GG 1 Attempt 8)
...
GG 2 ATT (97%) 1 att
that coin is harder to get then a gf lol
Well I'm on vacation (in Florida). I live in NY though, so it would be 4am anyway. Now I must go.
nice designs, good colors, and backgrounds. feel like there could be more air deco tho
If y'all are gonna say this isn't good, at least tell me how to improve instead of hating. :/
the quality kinda drops down by the end and the ball gp could be polished but overall pretty neat
where is the disable custom portals option? >=(
I like this song!!
cool lunala
GG Both coins. For 1st coin: Tap the invisible orb at 4%. For 3rd coin: Fall down at 42%.
:)
LES GOOOOOOO
good work my friend, quick and easy, easy coins, gg 3 att :)
Beautiful level
My logo was actually provided to me by LightLux (I got his permission)
Good backgrounds and design, I feel like it needs more air deco and a bit of intensity in the drop.
GG! on rate my friend :)
That is Lunala?
Nice level
Nice work man!
sweet
Add Comment
woah, i never expected this to appear on the recent page. Nice work dude!
i enjoy this level but can we band together and stop naming our levels simple
kelima
Hahahahaha, i got the top "69" ._.
mending rakit cp
bill nye the science guy
Fun Gameplay And Lovely Colors, Great Job! :3
ayy awesome <3
Nice!! :D
MangsuT
Nice Nice!
apa, gw baru balik 
Nice level.
lmao GG 1 att
when i found this on the recent tab, i said this is a hopefully epic level. This got feature .____.
amazing level GG
off ada pedo
gg 1 att cool font at the end
gg
Pretty nice concept, had to change colors for a bit. A couple of parts feels messy, rest is fine.
fix transitions,other than deserve epic rating!
NiCe LeVel BuT i DoNt LiKe ThE cOlOrS tHiS lEvEl UsEs
pretty decent
foreground and background clash in some parts, the rest is solid
When you beat a 7* level in 1 attempt, it's clear it's a very good level. Nice job!
wow i dont see a lvl using player colors in a lot of months, gud lvl
i like the concept but its difficult to sightread
MY COLOUR IS NOT COLOURFULL (IT LOOK LIKE 1930 NO TV COLOUR)
like if your a leo
what if both icons are black??
GG! :)
Libra
If the level's ugly, then you're ugly XD
why did i think beating this lvl with white colors was a good idea
itl get daily
leos are narcisistic so i love that you play with the colours of your player
NO C COMO LO DECORASTE PERO TE QUEDO BUENISIMO
These colors are mine!
Epic :)
The ideas here are definitely great but there's some lack of polish, especially in the drop. Sent :)
This level dedicated to Everyone <3
buggy as hell
pass:202011 Like?:)
very good deco, but that gameplay is extremely annoying.
YoU AnD LaG
you see.... this is why we PLAY TEST our levels before uploading or verifying...
That Apple Watch icon at the beginning is amazing.
SPIDER BUGS MAKE ME HAPPY HAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
95% of my deaths were because of bugs :(
tfw you die like 5 times in a row at the ball transition.... aaa i'm better than this. Lovely visuals!
i- i- you- i-
i don't understand how you can make a level with an insane design, but a gameplay as trash as that
YOU AND I I I I YOU AND DIE DIE DIE
wtf i touched the green orb but the spider teleported
44k
bug in the green orbs please repair
this song is getting overused
cool level, but i dislike the gameplay.
funny number xD
Will replace this daily, had a portal at the start that I missed :/
Im not pissed about how this got daily taken away. Im pissed about a worse replacement
whats the new daily? :0
I fixed this.
and rub immediately gets top comment
This level proves that only levels by famous creators can get epic.
damn wish you would do a few more :(
age doesnt change the amount of hate you get
do more rates.
ROBTOP
Name of song almost gave me a stroke
in gd world there is a bug if you teleport at the very start of the level
tbh this should get Daily again bc who even plays GD World lmfao
GG, la Decoracion me encanta, pero el Gameplay tiene unos errores que son un poco jodidos...
deleting... done! music speed of light
When lifegives you lemons... you eat them
GG! :)
1 intento
at the speed of light and speed of light..... Im so confused.
at the speed of light, its not even him.
el ultimo like la tiene mas grande :v
WHAT KIND OF NPESTA DIFFICULTY COIN ROUTE IS THAT?????
Nice :)
Who is sonder? And my does he/she dash?
Nice effects!
nice level
EPIC!
BUENISIMO.
Geometry Dahs LA, bro sos una maquina :3
gg 43 attempts either i suck at playing or jeikins sucks at making gameplay :/ not 5 star
those coins
hard coin 1 att, LOL!
Thanks for the dedication! <3
these pulses are way too hard on the eye :/
Pretty cool! Dont know how I died to this transition though...
<3
wow
epilepsy warning
Como se puede tener alta tula como la tuya jeikins?
this should be the daily level not the bad one that its daily now
Nuevo Nivel por mi cumplea*os, disfruta y relajate ^^
a bit repetitive, but not too bad :)
not bad overall!
hbd^^
laik dioz icnora diavlo 
Didn't like the song
Chill level
Happy Birthday! Good level
Si lees esto Te Amo ... "Coment Secret" __
GG! 1 att :)
playing with blu tac on finger lololololol
4 att + 1 coin nice level
gg
its my favorite level
Happy Birthday!
Cool!
GG All coins.
gg
GG!! 5 Attemps!! 1 Coin :)
i like
not a fan of the entire gameplay, good glow deco tho
the backgrounds are cool I wish you put more focus on them
Who legit thought that this level was among us related lmao.
nichego :spravedlivo:
gameplay is good enough but next time test it more, it doesn't work like it should occasionally
If only I could see the spikes :(
Feels very samey, not much variation
i'm a mobile user
This level is SUS
the real impostor is the lag
Like if you didn't search for among us but for the DJVI song
1k likes gg
Thats pretty sus ngl
unnecessary ending ship
:flushed:
Is my pc just a toaster or does this level lag for anyone else?
when the imposter is sus
A wild Dorami appear!
awhen then impsoiter is sus
mogus 0__0
Reminds me old good lvls. Nice work!
hi im mini coment                                                                                   
thanks for free coins man
why are coin paths so difficult
my mini comment get 20 likes?!,thnx guys :D                                                         
this feels suspiciously like an early 2.1 level
what is up boys
YOPOOOOPP
i like how you don't have to risk the balls life to get a coin
free coins                                        you love to see it                                
you mama
Thx for coins :)
Tara turu
15 likes= i quit roblox
los mancos: que bien monedas gratis!! XD
love you too ;)
Breaking News: Robtop accidentally attached the "homework" folder to Google Classroom assignment.
thank you for the coins i love you too 
half of this chat is younger than 12
yo whats going on
orange by donald trump the orange man himself
Extremely fun :)
id rather eat yellows
orange juice is far superior to apple juice and no one can change my mind
thanks for the dedication, please dont eat me
orange
you simply cannot deny the fact that bunch creates some of the best gameplay in this game.
of course i got this percent on a level called orange. come on
i delete all likebegging comments lmao you should stop doing that if you want me to stop deleting your comments
Description isnt orange smh my head
There is always at least one part with the H blocks in Bunch's levels.
THANK YOU ROB
Can you do mandarin next lol
I really enjoyed the gameplay and the sync :)
Orange is S tier
yea
:orange:
This is gonna be daily calling it
Shouldve built it with an orange lol
Gp is pretty enjoyable. Something that most featured lvls are lacking nowadays.
Steve Harvey
i didnt know that was a ship portal
Remember, licking doorknobs is illegal on other planets.
if u see this comment u are gay like for no gay :P
i have so many questions right now
Am i the only one who thought the song was despacito...
8 bahoggers
"What is the price of GD?" Your soul.
if this comments get 20 likes i will play stereo madness until im dead
Ah so this is what weed does to you
"the price is rice" - karl marx
tHeRe iS a NeW sOuNd wHeN yOu LiKe a ComMeNt. iT sOuNdS LiKe aaaAAAaaAaAAa
my grandma is dancing on the floor with joy cause of this level! so cute :)
Welcome to the jam! B)
IM ON MOBILE. no lag
I feel like this song is going to be used a lot XD
when you want to buy a 4.99$ chicken but its 3.99$
saw the song and immediately knew this level would be on drugs
I just asked a boy out and he said yes. :)
LDM added!
i'm sorry on dj-nate's behalf that this level is so short
You fixed the loop!!!
the popular show the game of thrones from hbo got another rate
GG! 54,000 stars :)
Pretty cool, reminds me of ceruglyphy and JamAttack
ni idea como pase las duales
not bad, I feel like the second half of the level could be polished better in some areas :)
30% in 1 attempt not bad
GG After a fail at 92%. Not the biggest fan of this level.
annoying.
90, 91, 92, 93 :(
GG! :)
GG!
Not the best, but overall its pretty solid
not bad :)) i like ur gameplay
1 attempt poggers
what kenjiDW said...
bro I love the way this looks so much, this is so cool
why did i die here
good level :)
wow
i sometimes do be hshd ahdheya .ndjdh ,gyde too
me when I taste the crazy hamburger
Concept is good, but sometimes my cube just wouldn't jump. Too uncomfortable to play.
Good idea but that horrible to play :(
the first part is very similar to hhhhheeeellloooo by vsbl
Secret way. GG! :) (Thanks SwfCapsLock)
wait wtf   .
what
I never want to play this again. Incredibly annoying.
unique and cool but this is SO ANNOYING
Secret Way
gg! secret way!
GG! secret way at 59% :)
I love the unique concepts introduced. The only thing I would recommend are arrows to indicate taps.
isn't this copied from vsbl?
GG! Secret Way (Thanks FramedPower)
withoutht the secret way this level sucks
this dors not deserve 5 star
Cool idea, but it needs more polish. Clicks not registering and orb jumps falling short are not fun.
why does it not get faster at 60%  :    (
Pass is 617358. No need to like my comment :)
when god created humanity, did robtop rate it or feature? or maybe epic?
ugh fine, i guess you are my little pogchamp. come here
what if robtop came in and rickrolled us
who invented beans               and do i have the right to rip their head off
free demon id: 59075347
me on my way to get circumcised for the second time
pumped up kicks is a school shooting song not a suicide song
on a scale from 1 to 10 how overused is my icon
monke
Eric Van Wilderman, A GD Youtuber
creating levels is worth the $2
TikTok bad discord good
My dads a Boomer he said yotube hurts your brain when hes watching how to fix bike tutorials wowoow
the pokimane is a very interesting species
hi daily chat have a nice day and stay covid negative!
Asking RobTop to make Balls Mountain daily again. Day 4
kids used to be like: Thanks for the present, i like Iron Man. Kids now: OMG IRON MAN FROM FORNIT O
The mods dont delete your comments. Your comments get sent to Brazil.
cinnamon 
I just have one question. What if it isn't the beat as the song implied
cool vibes
antonym.
vibeee
I DONT CARE IF I MADE A SPELLING ERROR BUT IM KEEPING MY PROMISE GONNA GO DRINK MILK BECAUSE RATE
nice and chill gameplay with splendid colors and cool effects. i love this (=
we will never know
yes. this is the beat
whats the trending now? 
minimalist at its finest - i love the little story that this level has. I love ittt
yay!!! thabk you robtop
Synonym Roles
as harbor is my worst enemy i have played without music
first rate after 8 months, thx robtop <33
it's a 4* level of course it's easy you fool
that is quite sad
Like if you think this is epic
i keep coming back to this, awesome level!
vibin baby
well i was first comment here so lets say this level is glitched or somethin
30799 stars.
Hey guys! The release date of 2.2 is- [Comment Deleted]
wtf pero cuangas personas lo hakearon ._.
My day is ruined
wtf de mlg part XD
you don't have brain
why does bab lowkey kind of sync at parts lol
for a while? you mean all their fricking lives
gg
Nice transition :)
???
13030 stars.
Bruh
2700 estrellas
gg
GG's.
a por cierto... 100%
han hackeado este nivel XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
the clubstep monsters xDD
Pls marry me...This is incredible again as always...Definitely epic worthy! Your best in my opinion!
Super creative!!
this man stole my dna
no you are right
 
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
depish16 is the new distortt in the sense that he went from generic trash to masterful artist
I see myself PogU
i see my cube = epic worthy
really cool ggs!!
DepisH, You are Hero
awesome level. also, is that my icon at 25% lol
Why i died: I didnt see the yellow orb. And I was focused on the awesome art
PHILZA SONG
really cools
This is the same song used in Philza's 5 year minecraft hardcore montage video.
From the guy who said seduce me in his levels to this.... youre awesome man
love the song and like if you love the song
                                           BENNYBOI35 by Xoroz when :pensive:
22-23% I was added in the level!
good
The pulses of this level are amazing , really makes the level feel alive
POGGERS
q les pasa enfermitos
55555 Stars. GG! :D
hoy vuelvo a gd de mi retiro de 1 hora y me hare el mejor jugador que este juego ha conocido
gg 40 att with all coins
Sent To Mods :j
70%  =  Your Ship Is Spinning    T o T
Me vengooo xd
GG!
Why is not epic? this is awesome :)
some of these arrows are really misleading but overall good job! 
amazing song! amazing level! gg
nize
nice effects :)
26,800 Stars, I finally beat a 6* lol
Hermoso papa, saludame en tu proximo nivel 
izi
Me gusta tu nivel! :3
Ayy gg on the feature dude
coins in 28% 56%(llave en 43%) and 95%
your best
creators nowadays drive me crazy
very good atmosphere, design is nice.....feature w imo. 7*  lov it
GG! 1 coin
GG!!
Its called "inspiration" btw lol
Awesome! Might work on transitions a bit tho, but overall amazing work ;)
nice
i really like the decorations!!!
...
cg my boy....im glad to see you rising up
DUDUDE WTF DNENDF RIRIGURKTNTIGJTNTIGJGJGIGJGNTKTKGJTITKGNT T
Congrats to get 2nd featured :) I'm glad to see your improvement!
dia: makes levels in 3 days; swk: wtf bro 7 months is not that long for 10 sec
GG!
why dose this remind me of dorami lol
8 stars at least
GG! :)
What if you wanted to go to heaven but God said "Hold dash longer"
you and i... need to find a better song
ew tropo ripped of tropo's style. thats illegal
if you have to hold here then just put visible spikes instead of invisible spikes lmao
maybe a bit too simple, but still nice
me going crazy after listening to this song for the 100000000th time
Please put visible spikes at 73-75% (the dash orb part). Also this looks very empty for 1 day level.
terrible idea
Why on EARTH do people put clear platforms you can land on when you're supposed to keep dashing :\
73-75%  96-99% died there 4 times now :')
"hold dash longer"
why u make a platform u die on? Make it all spikes it makes no sense
TF IS THAT CRAP 
cool
I got fooled!
Tropo call me back ;-;
The ficking dash orbs
Pretty cool :)
this level sucks bruh lmfao
What if? You Wanted TO Go To Heaven. But God Said. Hold For longer
You probably spent more time on the level than i did the song
Very cool. :0
It's not bad, but a lot of the pulses can be almost blindingly bright
wow i just found this in recent... This is EPIC!
fun
Very fun level GG :)
Epic !!!!!
why not epic bro
:0 featured
pacani brawl stars gavno
way too flashy but epic level
holy cheese thats bright
I've never seen such effects bro, this is your best work ngl. Actually looks epic!!!
KpacoTa!!! 
gg :) fun level!
Gg
game processed
so cool
GG!
g vodka
GRACIAS POR LA DEDICATORIA, NO ME ESPERABA VERME EN EL FINAL XDD
noice
AAAAAAY THANKS!!!! <333
Nice level, go jextins
me encanta!!   :D
Vengo de Facebook XD
bye :)
Muy bonito, gracias por la dedicacion <3
GG featured
GG , Gracias por la dedicacion
Buen nivel, me lo guardo en favoritos, Gracias por la dedicacion! / Send to mods.
This level is so happy I love it
Don't mind "getting" spelled wrong lol.
congrats jextins, im proud of you :)
Robtop: *c pone a cantar*
como llegue al 86% con este lag
23k!
vengo de face te puedo agregar?
This is not 5* this is like 3*
:0
cool vibe
No way this is 5*
super cool and unique decoration! but the gameplay really needs more work
Super creative designs, work on making the gp a bit more intuitive but otherwise super cool!
f song...
Finally, something that is actually unique instead ViPriN pulling crap out of his crack.
Gameplay is very broken
gameplay from dual to end is terrible, especially the blind dash at the end.
bruhhh this is a harder 7
Not Hard. IT'S HARDER
toilet
COIN: at 27% , inside the block..!
this is literally like 7 or 8 stars wtf
This is like insane 8*
Who ever rated this plays extreme demons on their daily routine.
whp decoded this was 5 stars and not 7 
this is super unique
Like this comment. There is no reason. I just want a like. plz.
5 att mobile, the sync is bad and its pretty unbalanced
if this get 23 likes i will sub to pewdiepie
Top comment and I use default icons for a week
I have a stack of percent
I dont speak Danish.
anyone else getting those 1.9 nine circles vibes?
i like that transition effect
what if we made a 1.9 styled level but added g l o w so it became more u n i q u e
Nice level :)
Glad to see at Netli :3
This level is a work of art, change my mind.
3,000 user coins. GG! :)
Sub GG! XD :)
really on eof my fav :)
GGS Souls
DANG. nice level, keep it up :D
nice
Me encanta tu nivel, tienes ser mi maestro en la decoracion ya que soy malisino xD
buenardo
honestly hope it gets a feature!
Your level is very unified and cool!
fun
the transitions are terrible and the invisible structures don't help at all, really bad level
Level 1:13 min and 66k obj 
Thanks for putting an arrow on the end of this platform that kills you when you jump from it.
"never let you flow" did you even look at the name of the song? those are not the correct lyrics
i cant stand lyrics being written wrong, especially when its THE TITLE OF THE SONG
ok
GG! 2 coins
Bro si te retiaron en insane :)
Epico!
gg
slurp
like               featured                                                                  [here]
simultaneously fine and horrible gameplay
looks like an early 2.1 level, nice :D
GG! :)
sorry GLOW :o
see you in featured
Me quede ciego con tantos pantallasos blancos, okno, buen nivel xD
Hey Nice!!!!
Interesting uh... Drop?
everyone's probably thinking of a joke that can get top comment
2nd half is awful
only 48 likes and rated?
sorry for all these bugs, i'm working on it :(
among us i better than tiktok
The deco is incredible, but some timings just make the level annoying, but still cool
when i saw this discription i thoughtit said enjoy the bug lol
New hard level
Great Level :3
you forced me to play in high brightness.. why would you do that :(
sometimes its hard to see what actually kills you
almazing game, 23.11.2020g
GG!
i dont see
Never spent over 50 attempts on a "5 star" before smh, about time... ggs
The transitions...
9000 stars GGGG!
me encanta la deco haci :D
secret way in the 84-85
gameplay is so unbalance asf
that tiny spike defeats me.
literally why
OMG,Thank you Rob! <3
guys if you type your password in chat it censors see look   d34th-totheFrenc7h
This will be one of the next daily levels, won't it?
lets be honest we all could be doing something more productive right now
Comment Flagged As Ham. :)
hey guys i found the viprin onlyfans it has a lot of cp on it
The Cube got stuck at end XD,  Good Lvl :D
if this gets top comment i will die
starts off kinda weak, but gets REALLY fun in the later parts! :)
collect your here after feature ticket here ------>
what if we kissed in front of an angry discord mod?  0_0   haha jk...   unless?
so then, get this, the young man screams DEEZ NUTS in an unexpected yet memorable display of wits
dislike this and you will never fck a girl in your life
i am pooping
bossfight - nock em  is a song about people jumping out of bushes   and scaring little animals
roses are red, that much is true, violets are violet, not f*cking blue
Who else thinks thick wave trail is satisfying?
I will yeet someone randomly (Please vote who)
23,000 stars complete. =)
nice job with the gameplay, biggest improvement you could make is trying more interesting colors
pretty basic with some empty looking parts and weird deco, anyways nice
cool
nevermind, i hate 4x speed, cant see crap
All your levels feel the exact same...
i chose not to beat this level, i chose humor
good level :)
too hard fort stars imo
simple but cool :)
Fun but should be 6*
keep goimg
Good level, I'm giving an heart for the creator :D
a quien se le ocurre hacer una wave a 4 velocidad para un hard 5* >:(
basic but cool!
Why are there fakes at 4x speed in a 5* level?
I thought the first block had real spikes so I kept jumping into the gear above it lol
Such an AMAZING lvl! Thanks a MILLION! This was such a blast & so much fun! Peace! Love, P0SITIV3 8)
xd
Big Shatt
HOW
Incredible, sadly I can not play it, my laptop is not the best haha! :)
Rip My Phone 2018 - 2020
really awesome :)
Beautiful :o
yo nice
Lacheln
Password is 213293 =)
Wow :0
GG 145K stars!
so this gets feature and some generic trash gets epic :(
nexus
AMAZING
Beautiful :D
I cry because this level is so beautiful, my PC cries because its going to explode
Im playing on a potato ._.
RobTop like a Konosuba
gg que nivel mas tremendamente hermoso, debe tener epic :(
OMG
This level is too good to be true!
Dashy Kato
I love :3
Deserves Epic, really amazing I love it <3
cute
Pass: 330515
buen nivel izhar
good lvl
Like this comment for a higher chance of this getting rated epic...
For coin : Don't tap at 15%, tap the square orb at 55% and 58%, and tap on 77% for coin
That cube got p l u m p
sick
gg 1 att. this level has such a fun style
um
1 att! No coin yet...
I love this
Gg nice lvl, 1 att
epic level :3
gg 1 attempt
Hermoso Nivel :33
That was strange but cool
*chaos gauntlet flashbacks*
Cool, but some of the designs are a bit weird in blocks and bg, colors could be better. Still great!
NO PUEDO CREERLO!!!!!
russian roulette, every person who likes dies
Daily.
I like how xGW said my level should be daily and then uses the same song as mine and gets daily
neat colors
on my way to beat my wife who wants to join me
dailyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!
you ever just get the urge to piss on someone?
pass is 7777
video game testers after jumping into a wall for the 1850th time looking for hitbox errors
POV: you are using politics to gain likes
today i learned that oreos arent a good place to hide drugs
omg
math is very useful in everyday life because I have math class every day
the daily chat is legendary
hmmm suscribe to my channel too guys!! i will play among us with subs later!
boys go to college to get more knowledge girls go to jupiter to get obliterated by acid rain
lol be suscriber and i will accept the suscribers!
Gameplay is extremely satisfying and easy to read, designs are fantastic, level as a whole, stellar.
what if Rob preferres to be called Bob
"Expansion" is what my pp does when i see my crush.
The password is 026845. Liking this is absolutely voluntary. Have a great day! =^-^=
I love the designs and colors, amazing work!
Hi my name is Jaquaviontavious, I'm 6 years old, I smoke, gang activity, and slap squirrels.
I can't say hey to everyone though
Really nice & clean! 8)
what if there was a crossover between geometry dash and geometry dash 
support my femboy fundraiser
yesterday: haha balls mountain! have my like! | today: fvck off
i like how the balls mountain petitions have taken a complete 180 over a 24 hour course
If this comment gets 15 likes, I will ask my crush out.
You claim to be liberal yet youre conservative with your feet pics, ma'am
Remember that one time I saved a group of children from a burning daycare
EJUST PULLED UP AT BURGER.     MET CARL WHEEZER AND  DANNY PHANTOM
when god created humanity did it get featured
The pass is 026845, if you want to copy it.
a big improvement from that garbage kalaxian, good job man
who remembers cookie clicker
our names are quite similar. Good level!
GG!
Clean and cool stuff!
Lags At Wave
LAGG
me and the boys on our way to kill the elder guardian: part 2
Good remake
on the awarded tab there is a level with over 100k dowbloads, and almost 5k likes, which beats this
GG!
:)
This song reminds me of Cuphead for some reason
love the gameplay
Music SLAPS, gameplay is fun, deco is cool, this man never lets me down :)
nice
noice
ldm update now, should make wave less laggy. The kelp contain so many objects lmao
3 downloads, 3 likes. such a good level.
looks better than my entry tbh, but i rly dont like the gameplay if im being honest
GG :)
COIN: Go up at 6% and down at 36%
Not bad! It's decent, gameplay could be a bit better but overall it's nice :)
communism
Gameplay needs more work, but it's a cool level! Good job i guess
Lags join on the chat =(
gameplay, background and effects need work but still greaf
LDM does nothing
uncreative and repetitive overall plus it's annoying and has some bad transitions
i love this :)
learn to make fkin gameplay
That the worst gameplay ever man
GG! :)
me da lag
dude this gameplay is terrible, especially near the end D:<
bad gameplay :/
I liked the colors and deco and such but the gameplay wasn't so enjoyable imo :/
glitch u at 23%, jump as u hit the 4x speed after slowing down and it's get u to 62% :-)
souls
GG on rate :D
gp is fine. the deco makes this level unplayable even with ldm. i have to add smooth fix
wow, cool level uwu
im pretty sure someone dislike botted robs comment
Oh, my God! My first level with stars, thanks robtop and all of you:') we are going for more.
Level: *not popular*         RobTop: *comments*         Level: *popular*
why did rob get all those dislikes
can someone please tell me why did rob got so many dislikes?
really nice! i do feel the gameplay needs some work in parts, but the deco is really cool! :>
#RateAlonE xd
y did rob get dislike bombed xD
pobre robtop , lo dislikean por no sacar la 2.2 xD
f por robtop xd
Good job :)
Cool lvl and congratulatilns for the rated! :)
801th like, i disturbed the number
buen nivel felicidades por el feature :D 
Nice level :D
like if u hate dislike bots
is this possible? a mass disliked robtop comment!?!?!!
lol rob got dislike botted
pretty sure someone dislike botted RobTops comm- RobTop: Dont worry...I have the ban button here...
contratado xd
if you read this comment, you have to like it or you will have infinite bad luck.
3th EPIC!!!!!       :}
:}
Dude has 9 cp from 3 epics. Impossible.
1 like = no school for 10 years
not bad
3th epic
Going to Joe Biden's house at 3AM (GONE WRONG)(NOT CLICKBAIT!)
where are the servers at?._.
if this lvl not get rated i will eat roptop left ass check
el de arriba es feo
Good!!
Like this comment if you like cats :3
How to get the coin: Hold at 30% to get the key at 31%, the coin appears at the end.
GG! Epic ! 
EPIC
I didnt do well in my first exam in the medical school :(
Feature
i live in antarctia
epic level, this transicion tho
I expected nothing less from you. :)
<3
Buen nivel te amo Zhak
Fantastic work!
Love it <3
Enjoy :)
Cute <3
Awesome :)
wow an amazing recent level
a
shame so few people have found this masterpiece. its the first level ive immediatly suggested in for
Holy crap this was fun
el ultimo en darle like la tiene mas grande 
i dont know how i did this
okay, so, GG :)
Hands down one of the best 8 star levels I have ever played.
gg 3 att, great work!
Gg 10 attempts
maybe, one day 
GG! :)
my eyes have melted into liquid
dude this was such a journey. i hope everyone who plays this has a good time!
GG EPIC LEVEL :)
YES DUDE FIRST VICTOR FLUKE FROM 56 YOOOOO
That's my boy! :D
my brother likes this level so much hes dancing on the floor.
barnsley
happy thoughts
domer
100 likes = i will literally drink water
Like if you like cats
I love this level so much. one day I'll beat this... :)
Incredible level. Congrats on verifying!
Such an interesting level! Great job Sley!
In the recents tab what
FIRST MOBILE VICTOR!! LETS GO
5118 ATTEMPTS NEW HARDEST DEMON! Really fun too! Amazing level, great job Sley!
updated to fix on mobile (thanks noxop)
Roses are red, duck go quacc, I cant see shit, what the facc.
more gamin
pretty nice,I really like the horizontal "blurring" in the first part
bug when you hold :(
wtf are these transitions
vibes
All your levels complete!
luckily i only died at 32 twice in a row for no reason; totally a skill issue and not a bug (jk)
yeah amazing transitions. cant tell where to even go lmao
fun
Yee.
Cool!!! Awesome!!!
Nice!!!!!!
h
GG!
gg
Cool!
Pretty chill lvl! I like it! Thanks a QUADRILLION! Much love, wishes yours truly, your boi, P0SITIV3
Dope magical level!
GG Fluked from 47% & 34000 Stars!!!!!!.
nice bug :)
GG! Very good
why is level theft this common
there we go
Robtop Come here pls
Waterfall is a copy of this
coin 1 is at 22% go up in the ship part coin 2 is at 66%do an extra click in the spider part
gmd level copyers are at the very bottom of the gd hierarchy
copiaron el nivel...ahora hay uno con featured llamado waterfall ._.
This guy called Florus stole this level and is getting mod comments!
People who copy levels and get them rated are actually worse than cheaters in demons
ohhhhhhhhhhhh congrats i thought i was having like geometry dash deja vu
I just can say than this level had a terrible deco and gameplay, but you deserve featured. good luck
:v
wonderful
How do spiders fly?
Wow mereces un estrella un dia :)
GG i wish me and my good creator friends will get their first cp
Rate , Felicidades :)
concha tu puta madre
hermoso <3
you should work more on the gameplay, and transitions are weak, not bad dude! :)
Incredible, I watched it on Twitter haha :D Nice job Alee
This is great wtf, the colors are so good and the gameplay flows really well too!
Well damn! :D
Last part felt a bit copy&pasted, it starts out pretty nicely though! Thanks for dedication :)
Really fun and interesting level!
The design smells good
Should be epic..
absolutely love this :D
terrible deco                            (obvious sarcasm)
interesting
ta wonito
Epic level! Thx4dedication! uwu
damn this is sick
Ur best level!
Asombroso <3
classy B)
omg i love it :0
Awesome! :)
10000000/10000000
classy clam
the only astronaut 13 remix that didnt get banned
please learn to make gameplay
im not afraid of the dark silly. im afraid of whats in the dark
coin: at 53%, go down and you'll see a straight fly with a coin in it
so ambient, so dark, so spooky, soooooo good 0_0
Can this be considered gameplay?
transition into ship too sudden :( I like this besides that though
43.166eme stars
Song-Astronaut 13. This level made moffe get their 13th cp. bruh
GG! Luckily did in 2 atts. Could barely see a thing
GG!
GG awesome 
When the creator's comment gets flagged as spam
Gameplay go brrrrrr
epic coin
Nice Job! The gameplay could be better though.
e
fix that transition
straight fly at 53% forr coin
don't afraid of the dark.
spelling of name wrong, its acctually Wither Boss ._.
Like for Lucky owo
The ufo part at 53% is cursed ;(
this gameplay is horrible
Merece 6, no 5 =)
pretty decent
conchetumario64 momento
Mario or Whiter? :)
too lag,but good
GG,like if its harder.dislike if its hard.
kill  me plis
GG, beautiful level but bad gameplay :(
why is there a dead mario in the end screen
Nice!"
good deco :)
really laggy and the wave is too hard for a 5* but nice atmosphere
super good animation with mario cart
ITS A ME MARIO IN PS4 WHOOOHOOOO
good
gg bro 
Amazing work, love the effects.
<3
Built on phone,yes,again...
Very cool!
amazing job!
Nice :)
Cities scare me...
Verified by Dorami,thx to him!
Absolute masterpiece! Thanks a lot for the dedication :)
dope effects
Like if come from Dorami :)
This is how my grandpa got to school everyday.
this is sooo creative man, awesome job :D
96 attempts. Easy Demon. #1032
This is my favourite level of all time, visual masterpiece and very fun gameplay once you learn it:D
184k obj
Astonishing work.
OMG this level is so damn cool :D
VeRY goOD LeVEl MaTE. LIke If yoU lovE ThiS LevEL
tell em keaned
remember: you can't spell 'swag', without 'gwa'
gwa
the text at 25% is the coolest thing i've ever seen
gwag
Hey random guy who was scrolling the comments have a nice day! :)
gwa gwa is so cool
I made the ldm a bit stronger, hope this helps some potato owners o/
I got trolled
That's absolutely incredible. Did you actually use my song? IDK what to say. Specific thanks Dazuki.
gwa gwa
AYYYYYYYY
Gameplay looks like a mix between Rafer and TamaN and i'm liking this a lot
gwa gwa
fishe
i love how serious the level takes itself when its name is gwa gwa
gw
nice level
Jokes aside, this is actually really damn awesome!
gwa gwa
I've been waiting for you, rnbw. You have not disappointed.
Who's from Nexus?
Congrats on rate!
i love this
next level: Electrical (EXTREME DEMON)
Among Us = Like; Fall Guys = Dislike
All Path Clear
i really like how you incorporated elements like turning on the lights in the gameplay, good job!
not epic? kinda sus rob
Jokes aside super super good!!
really like how you incorporated elements from the game into your level, theming was on point too
Like this to not be sus
Chile lemme call an emergency meeting...I-
lol i killed yellow and still got the win as crewmate
Vengo de Nexus
You really outdid yourself with this one! I LOVE THIS, dude! :D
This is great!
I loved how you managed to recreate Among Us here, great job!
sus
1 like = rob rate this epic
this is so dope
roses are red, layouts are bare, if this doesnt get featured i will eat a chair
Petition to add a "Reply" button in the comment section
Neat! :D
@pocke
pretty cool stuff
neat and fun
esto es easy demon pq rob puso insane xD
Petition for nexus to do livestreams         -------/\
I love the atmosphere! Very nice design, beautiful colors & glow usage, & really fun gp! Amazing 8)
This is awesome
@Waffl3X
lol this level is rlly good except the fact its defo not an insane
bro new easy demon
Gameplay is very fun
Really nice level, pretty enjoyable to play too :)
its kinda cluttered
nice level
gg 81 attempts
fun
h
This Is Demon!
that spinning shit in the background at the drop is super annoying
gg, would be better as easy demon
not bad
This should a demon why insane?
annoying
GG 77,000 Stars! <3
this should get star rated
Demon
why do creators think its the greatest thing in the world when they make it so you cant see anything
nice level
5K STARS GG
this should be a easy demon.
Sandia.
sight read from 1%
not a 9* so a easy demon
I CANT SEE SH*T
octaneeeee
This is should be easy demon, ahh my eyes
GG! :)
1 day challenge.
Recordatorio de no poner pads en los portales.
Not a fan of gameplay, but pretty good for being made in one day. Sent
Te amo Zhak <3
EN UN DIA? ES HERMOSO!!
nice one
Nada mal, espero tu proximo nivel :)
really nice concepts, some of them can be better executed :)
:^)
Esta piola :0
kruto
muy bueno! uwu
this level was almost as fun as drinking the tears of children!
Best level and TOP music!!
._.
Let me guess. You made this level on a Saturday?  
amazing 1 day
cool
MUY BUEN TU NIVEL! Vine desde Discord uwu
what a weird saturday
I hope this gets featured, at least
That gameplay is hard to read
am0rGD ese soy yo uwu holiisss <3
GG! 109.000 Stars! 15/11/2020 :)
my name
"you are my sunshine, my only sunshine..." like if you know the lyrics -------->
aboba
Grcias por invitarme, buen trabajo chicos <3
GG Both coins. For 1st coin: Fall down at 5%-6%.
so many glitchs
but mis lentes de contactos :'vvv
Awesome parts! 
thanks for top comment :)
huyna ebanaya
cute:3
2020
xyeta.
why is the gameplay so weird
so cute and cool
Good color use, really clean and nice modern level! Amazing effects, really love this <3
As someone who hates dual, im impressed, this was pretty fun
Hi people
Double Dash 2? :thinkog:
Super nice color combos! And I love that you made this entirely symmetric dual based.
Thanks for the feature :)
oh hey. fish
fish level rate!
its sad that i cant like this level twice
watch your step-sister
the fact that i could beat that first try says a lot about how good this level is, both deco and gp
ayo bro watch yoo jet bro watch yooo JET
Don't worry, i will watch my step
LITERALLY THE BEST LEVEL IN THE HISTORY OF EVER
Fun :)
Despite that fact that I DESPISE dual, this was actually really fun!
i love it :)
if this doesnt get feature i will eat a tree
The wave section is buggy
i love the fish
wow fun glamplay block design is awesome isant to empty feature worthy
if this gets top comment, i will eat a brick
pretty smooth I like it!
i hacked this comment so u CAN like it ;)
Really surprised! Very cool level :)
i found a secret way!!! oh wait. uh, nevermind.
Pass : 555666
where are the cheeseburgers i was promised
this comment isnt hacked. You can like it once :)
If this gets top comment i will eat sand
i hate self promotions like if u agree
If U Want ULDM Click Here                        ^
Bug?
who want to be my friend?
fixed 48% bug
328att, ESTOY LISTO PARA BLOODLAST Bv
broooo first epic at 60 cp lol
You gotta be kiddin'
Is it a fake secret way I guess?
russian power
hello people scrolling through the comments
*insert knock-knock joke*
Knock Knock! Who's there? Cringe. Cringe who? Cringey comment.
love it!! especially the last part
Knock knock! Who's there? You. You who? Why are you so happy, it's 2020
the song name is what we all do in GD
petition for pocke to rename it knocke ============================>
so sick
knock                                                                                             em
I like last part
i love this level, good job!
bruh. were you high while making thing?
when a band kid has a trip
i love the vibes
fluke the 0%
@bb35 half this level is super low obj and the other half is optimized horribly
....................................................................................................
gg
how many can we stack items in minecraft?
;-;
Confused!!!
Demon rated 8 stars?
GG! you get my dislike
Thanks to all the participants for making this level possible. 4 months of work, Glad its out. 
"Rate 9-10*" Gets 8* instead
GGGGG :) Great!
Awfully balanced please make a consistant difficulty next time 
oh i didnt notice this level, must have mist it
this is a joke of a level, did the creators even play this?
how is this not a demon
Compared to other insanes difficulty-wise, this is on the high end of the spectrum
the gameplay gives me a conniption
literally medium demon but ok
password plis i want to copy it and practice
10 stars*
Either easy or medium demon. Pretty tough
when a demon gets 8 stars
Woah someone call my last name?!
demon
The deco is very cool indeed, but the gameplay is a bit off, especially the beginning.
Get this to top comment or I cri
hm... new minigame
Tbl 3HAELLIb PyCCKiY?!
woa
mobile players like: Yes
Your best definetly. The concepts and the controls are greatly executed. I hope it gets an epic rate
kto s tik toka laik
Almazing. vsem Russkim privet ;) 18.11.2020g
o, privet, vertuoz :)
axaxaxaxaxaxaxaxxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxxaaxxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxxaxaxa
Took a while but finally beat it! Found some bugs so posting a vid on youtube of this amazing level!
ti ruskiy? 
Like If You Feel My Pain
:(
halyavnie orbs
amazing
Sometimes stuck in bug.
2nd place
update,uldm
2nd maze is bugged
Really happy you're back! I dont remember the last time a level actually made my jaw drop
There is almost no music sync in some parts.
wtf, the final part,
i like the part where we got to the drop, i got to press once, and the level was over
weird gp but ok
np @Technoah22 :)
My part is so old and bad lol
GG All coins. For 2nd coin: Only tap one green orb at 21% for a key for the coin.
is a shet x-x
GG! 29.000 stars! :D
f*ck
17k stars! Close to 20k :)
okaay
what was the point of the final part
tf is that
The fact that so many clicks are just barely off sync hurts me
G
gg
geeg
Congrats on 8 cp! You passed me lol, go get 10 xD
Could of been beter but the end is SICK i like it!
COINS: 3% (go down), 47% (dash orb at bottom), 84% (hidden jump rings.)
RobTop! :D
nice urcite tvoj najlepsi level vtipe
gg but where are the coins lol
Super!! Paci sa mi ze meno je slovenske a pritom nie je cringe ako od niekoho ineho! Dufam ze epic!
yessirrr
pass 121120
No its not outdated, its amazing
vtipe ze zahrobi
coins?
make this weekly :eyes:
ALL COINS!
Amazing level!! And I love the song! :)
Wow!!
So epic! I love it. Like love this level too! <3 Go fea
I love IT! :')
nazov ako-keby si chcel mat pozornost a nieje anglicky takze napicu
has a nice vibe good job
pekny level :D
i love this song 
me when this is better than castlemania according to robtop
much cleaner than your other works, gameplay could still be improved though
Trata de no subir niveles asi de rapido y esmerate un poco mas en tus niveles 
people saying 'how did this beat castlemania?' real question is why was Castlemania never 1st place
Above Castlemania aight i won't question it i guess
Cool song
wth how is this above castlemania its good but howwww
Perejil ilegal
thanks @netligob xD 
Nemsy is my god
reactor is sabotaged
the gp on my level im making is much better than usual (i hope)
GG with coin. For coin: Jump at the invisible orb at 83%.
Some parts are better than others, overall, I think its pretty cool. Sent to mods :)
coca
Dubbayoo
prob your best, but gp needs improvment
quite fun level but please add a blue pad or something at the ball transition. it's way too sudden
@Woxiyen, please make a level and get cp first :)
@Nemty you arent the best either tbh Dimidium hasnt the best gp
90% of the level is auto
this is harder than a demon because i cant tell whats auto and whats not.
not bad
feliz navidad
merry christmas!
2 weeks late rob smh
Nice :)
Is Amazing 
my phone: Happy Lagaween!
gg good level but the most part of the level is auto
cool auto level
Late comment >:)
GG 1 att. btw im playing dis in november 18
halloween is over my guy
nice level
this is just auto but not auto at the same time
I went like "oh it's easy, I'll slide on it" and died
This is almost auto o_o
Auto?
Happy navidad
Cool, i like this!!
         
:P
so good but gp is shit
F extremely boring first half, hard second half is the worst type of level balance
GG Finally fluked from 82%. I'm starting to hate harder levels the more I play them.
LoL
GG!
wow look very good!
  
GG! 12 attempts 9000 stars insane 7*
Not bad! :)
pososi u u u u u da ya bagatiy yebak da u menya deneg tak mnogo moe ebalo korobka u u u u u pososi
cbg ne osobo a tak norm
boring beginning, fun drop
making spikes that look like arrows episode 7
bald level
why, just why
a bit cancer gameplay
the ship parts are so long :/
like before mods take over of likss
i like gameplay :)
Like if here before feature                                                                  here ;)
haha funny number
a modern level from depish? im so confused
Pretty neat for doing modern this time 8)
This level is pretty lit. Get it? Hahahaha.....
if this gets top comment, i will eat a brick
Not bad!
I survived the triple spike
it's nice seeing something different but idk about the epic rating
2months later wtf 101 likes 
so fun
 
sorry not epic worthy. its good but oh my god so boring and repetitive
its like a harder with normal feature
GG!! Bad gameplay
GG Finally.
triple six
donde estan los clebers
Yeah this is most likely gonna get rated. If RobTop doesnt im boutta commit leak 2.2
Sad that it got quite lazy towards the end, had some neat ideas going for it.
also saw go brrrrrrr
relaxing af
Get key at 72%
some parts feel a bit unpolished, but i'ts overall pretty cool! I would send for a rate :)
...
thanks Kaus!! <3
Coin: Tap at 72% to get the key for the coin
7TBD
i like the atmosphere
mmm mmm
I really like this level the decoration is consistent and has a good theme. Very good level 10/10 
GG!
4,500 stars
GG! :)
aight
so cool
its the colors and atmosphere i tried to go for
Pretty simple...
VERY NICE
Absolutely sick! :o
Pretty cool level, the drop lacks intensity imo but the rest is epic 
it looks great and looks fun but im dying in a lot of places where its unclear what to do.
I love this level :)
ok, who sabotaged the oxygen?
See if yall can find the coin :)
Really creative and unique, love it.
Remember, no matter how important you may be, oxygen molecules are superior.
El mejor. :D
sick level
O2
inhale exhale
GG! :) 125 Attempts! 33,100 User Coins!
really neat colors
this is really really good
i was in 02 blue killed cyan
really incredible level with a fun coin!! gg
GG 1000 COINS! I was finally able to reach this goal, i love this level, the coin route is amazing and the level too, GG!
poor choice of words at the beginning
affair? your wife wont be happy
I dig the vibes man
not that kind of affair wtf 
just realized How evil the level name is
gg, easy and fun 8*
HALLOW POCONG
eye ballz
Super Fun Level!
this is actually really fun :)
GG Fluked from 56% :)
asli nih, ada ocongnya
Fun level
gg!
Awesome. :D
really good level!!! love the among us refrence btw :D
Yeah
from 50% it turns into a 4* lol
so good
6 star
yooo this is sick
pycckie ectb?
Demon?  Like-yes, Dislike-no
Impressive and intense, good job Vadi :D
I really love the gameplay, it's really fun! :)
televizor tutu televizor tututu
NAJLEPSI LEVEL TOTOK!
Gameplay is fun but chill with the pulses, its blinding at times
Thanks for using my song lol
=)
Super fun and looks really nice!
great sync holy shit, sent!
Insanely fun!
Really fun :)
FINALLY AFTER 34 SENDS RATED
Sequel coming soon
vadim shlepok
GG! 12 attempts :)
puknul
very enjoyable, wish the pulses weren't so intense since they're blinding & make the level unvaried
RUSSIAN POWER!!
69 downloads :0
:(
willy wonka wulzy and the 2.2 factory
cool sun and moon, 9k coins :'>
Gameplay is horrible
There's balls mountain, fard mountain, and now milkers mountain? Sounds like a lovely trifecta
Awesome Level , Wheres The Feature Robtop?! :O
nice level needs to be rated!
i am china
im just a little youngling thats stuck on time machine
gameplay isnt very sight readable but art is awesome.
Still some great art tho
I like R
here when 69 downlaods
what is this gameplay
genuine advice, try increasing contrast and hueshifting. the colors feel a bit bland
R
GG! :)
Wow i hope this gets featured becouse man it's so good
Really Good!
what's the point in removing the orb for jumping early :|
1. coin: key 18%, coin 25%; 2: key 39%, coin 49%; 3: touch box on 38% and click invisible orb on 98%
this is bad.
boo
why this get rate?
i like how the sign says "closed" and then the ghost says "welcome"
both the deco and gameplay are bad, not sure why this got featured lol
Amazing level. Lets just put blind jumps with "spooky deco". Here, have a dislike
why fauture
great level btw anjayyy
who else is here trying to grind to 10k?
nice
i have a way of saying happy halloween too!
This is actually good ngl
"Sexy Ghost"
GG! 68.600 stars
gg
happy halloween :DDDDDDDDD
Nice
Generic design and rest of the theme clashed, and some gameplay was unintuitive
epic levele
Shoutout to the small, innocent child disliking every comment
Really cool effects, sent!
insidee
I am pellataso
Love this level but some things could've been polished a bit more & the gameplay is awkward.
I never expected to get 10cp in my life let alone get it from a level named after a yiff artist
masterpiece.
Try it with LDM, i removed anything relatively object heavy☆
Black and White can be Epic sometimes...
my pronouns were she/her but now they are he/him
flop
Amazing decoration, but please work on your gameplay. GG! :)
before da feature
SHIT
Give pellataso top comment
y o u ' r e * vvv
my fat ass thought this was lasanga
i love the gameplay! its unique, which is why it is good!
may nothing get rejected, may nothing get infected
TOUCH HERE TO CALL A MOD ------------------->
although it feels a bit empty in some parts it is still a good level
Never have I seen something so empty yet still so appealing
nutty
Can be a bit empty at parts, but its so unique and I love the structures, sent!
Man can Presta get noticed as one of the leading new faces in creating already,,,
Honestly really unique stuff, work on those groundspikes though :)
Both fun and annoying due to difficulty spikes. Structuring is absolutely gorgeous as well as colors
dannng nexus didnt even say Gg He just beat it and left lol
This was actually really fun for me, except this should just be a medium demon.
<3
Nice! Great structures and colours :)
very interesting!!
nerfed so you guys can stop complaining
really hoping this gets noticed soon :pleading:
GG! 3 attempts, very good :)
rub rate this
only 3 days!? :0 nice job
Who else came here from nexus Vid lol (like if u did) 
medium demon
Oh, oh hey. I was just about to go to bed. I know we couldn't Skype tonight but that's alright.
What is Skype :eyes:
I dont care if its 4am for you, get on skype right now so i can show you my new mcdonalds toy
The next level is "Zoom"
sup
Me : Discord or Skype? My teacher : Zoom
Discord
btw, the gameplay and some transitions could have been improved
Glad to be a part of this ;3;
R.I.P Felix... you will be missed... (that ending screen though)
Thanks for inviting me to this. <3
Did anyone actually playtest this
guys i want to join geostorm team on skype, can i join pls, i want to friend with lchvasse pls
that endscreen just hits different, rip felix
GG Epic! Fix gameplay bugs plssss
I can not see what's going on even with ldm on most parts. Gp is also weird af tbh.
Hi kamryn
GG! 79 attempts :)
finally
Nice looking level, but the gameplay is absolutely horrid
sweet x)
Its hard to see in the second part. The death effects are a nice touch! :D
You managed to do some very original stuff with a style I find unoriginal. Nicely done! :0
Some parts are hard to read but other than that is pretty cool :)
very bad gameplay, especially with all these blind transitions.
Demon
IN THE SUMMERTIME WHERE THE WEATHER IS HOT!
32-46% worst gameplay part
stuck in quarantine... wish i could be in the mountains
rate summertime
insane
Pls make this daily pls
Pretty solid :)
hell yeah finally got rated
in the summer time when the weather was good 
ill send to mods
actually tho this surprised the hell out of me
It has some issues with moves but I appreciate the effort of making XL level. Sent:)
How. Is. This. Not. Epic.
really cool level! I have my next video :)
DOPE!!!
How are you this criminally underrated
the fact that every mod is praising this is quite concerning
good
Awesome deco, gameplay is kinda eeeehh..
This is sick!
bossfights are cool when there aren't 20 weapons being fired all at once
ok, no offense, it is very well decorated but everything else naahhhh, the gameplay needs more time
Astral Divinity, Astral Virginity now this
Good job bro, nice lvl
MY BOY
amazing bossfight!
That explosion of the orb at the end was really cool
Epic, sent!
aaaaawesome
great!
easy demon my butt
really bad gameplay and ldm
Updated to credit animations.
very cool! love that animation at the end :0
gg on rate! now it's taking first place as a shortest extreme demon (41s) and dethroning kowareta!
get them CPs boi
oh wow very flashy epic
guys the reason the level isn't long is because this is how long the song lasts
Sick gameplay, might even try this at some point :)
awesome
lets gooooo
gg
zerbium level
pass=001276
Good stuff. :) I would've liked this to be long, but it still is a good level. Good job on this!
I have been summoned
I like this level. :)
Even tho it's medium, this definitely deserves a feature, maybe even an epic rating imo. Nice job :)
short & sweet
Getting a Medium lenght Extreme Demon rate as first CP is extremely rare LOL
Penos By Nkesta
XL Extreme Demon? Nah
pass is 001276
Like if you 2 %
This level is so good. You have a good future in creating
love this
Incredible!
Wait, its all void?
imagine krmal, chloe2012, crohn44, and notpara made a collab
hopefully this will give you your first CP
why do people keep naming levels after my iq? wtf stop.
cool level broski
Absolutely adore creativity like this, with a bit of cleaning up you can be fantastic.
wow i love this
sorry about that lol. should be fixed now
GG! 359 attempts :)
ok now that the song is back this better get rated
pass is 039213
My 1000th demon. Swag nuts
nice, however song is banned :(
hard
+ 388 attempts from the copyable btw
I watched KrmaL's livestream
526 + 60-100 lost attempts due to crash attempts. #1225
i hate pierre
i didn't even know this many colors existed
Amazing!
this is incredible
Amazing job :)
Surprised this isn't epic yet
Really really nice. Epic!
We need that Epic RN
Absolutely phenomonal.
/summon robtop
well done!
Woaaa fantastic ! :o
pass is 002003 :)
Really cool!
welp, this is a thing now. thanks everyone for your support!
Gameplay is a bit weird, but the decoration is one of the best I've seen in this game :D
absolutely incredible, and i'd say the gameplay is top notch :)
GG 284 attempts! This is literally the best design solo I have ever seen in this game. Ur insane <3
wHo CaMe HeRe bEcAuSe oF NeXuS
rate when
the person below me was first comment
first comment yes
when you beat the level but the part supposed to be auto at the end say no
Not bad, but this have weak trantitions, decoration can be better, gameplay is good, very cool! :)
Why the song, you know youll get epic with that
58 attempts
Me ha dado recuerdos de cuando salio la 2.1 :,) Muy buen trabajo, me ha encatao
why is this not a demon lol
Wow! Feature worthy!!!
rodri paja
this gameplay needs serious work
Good :)
Wow bro. this is amazing :D
my little ponI .-.
Khe
that song tho
why did u pick this song?
Pass is 000000, Like so others can see
fix your level thank you
this is awesome! it would be cool to have a friend with cp
Like if you want Balls Mountain to be back.
the S  is for Balls Mountain
First 2 parts are good, the rest is meh
coins: 23% (go up), 71% (go up path, 98%. Like so others can see!
get  my  new post to 69 likes
Dont try to UwU me
i miss balls mountain
there is dry spaghetti under my bed and i don't know how to stop it
No esta mal pero algunas partes estan vacias 
I think S is for Barack Hussein Obama the 44th President of the United States of Ameri
Level download failed, please try again later.
i changed my death sound to a quack and my life is complete.
The comment glitch is happening isnt it
Who is amber and why does she keep alerting me about what my car looks like?
servers are down :(
I'm a verifier. If you made a level but can't verify it, i'm your person. Contact me!!!
Why is literally everyone saying balls mountain
the servers are down :(
pov: you just beat the daily level and now youre going to rebeat it for stars
"level download failed. please try again later."
lOOk aT mE, I did not practice the level and this happened :(
Haha, it was really easy and fun! ;)
Thanks to dedicated, GG :)
Gameplay is pretty fun, the designs and colors are a little too simple at times but still nice
Design could be less simple but gameplay is very  fun!
Practice mode is not that necessery, very good readable and fun gameplay imo :)
Al finnnnnnn ARRIBA CUBAAAAA
SIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII POR FINNNNNNNNNNN RATEDDDDDDDDD OSTIAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Really good level
Neat design
Yaaaaay =)
simple, but nice
rated after more than 6 months ._. robtop is kinda crazy we know
it do be like that
GG!!!! Medekita ... xD
press here for feature - - - - - - - - ->
really doesnt need practice, its very easy to read it. gg xd
Nice
finally rob, what took u so long lmao
GG =)  86600 stars 12/06/21 15:56  
rated but rip 8 stars :p working on better stuff btw
haha good level, well decorated and especially the song that is cool haha
Kinda empty in some parts
this is actually decent. nice nice
block design is a bit empty, super cool tho
gg
GG All coins. For 3rd coin: Keep going up at 46%-48% for the coin.
how is the pass
love ot :D
this mother
GG!
eye
gg 29.1k stars
this is one of these levels where you can see all the effort :0
Amazing level :)
worst waterflame song tbh
ArE yOu ReAdY? ya ya                                                                             no.
like =)
nice  :)
Phone update will be later ;<;/
I like this lvl. Star rate worthy, maybe featured
14 days until 2.2?
sos mislom
*cry*
GG :) pretty fun.
14 dias para tener estrellas
Why not featured?!
gg
kill me
Stinger613's second featured level :o
VERY GOOD! NEED FEATURED NOW
Really awesome work!!!:D
omg the deco IS AMAZING gg level 
molodec
Featured when?
GG!
GG
GG!
GG
my icon ^^
The block designs look good but some parts, like the beginning, look a bit empty
These transitions are so generic and boring
wave transition at the end isn't great lol
why was i this bad lmao
This level is really old, either way im grateful for the rate :)
Very cool! First CP? (just add some arrows to first part)
dude my part SUCKS lol, either way gg
painfull transition...
glad to see this out, could have been polished but i enjoyed building my part!
10/10
this is cxlifornias best work imo
Nice transition
GG
I tried and cool level
lazy, unoriginal design, doesnt sync well with music. glow not even used right
Lmao Im supprised this got rated. Gg
parts look too similar 
gg :)
Very very cool level! nice bro<3
so good but so similar parts..GG!
Not bad, Sent :)
Pass Is 006411 :)
How is this not rated yet?  xd its feature worthy
Could have one-attempted this with all coins but I died to a bug at 91% other than that very fun lvl
this should be and Ez demon
nooooo wayyyyyyyy, this old lvllllll
GG! :)
Nice really fun and good
soo cool :)
lovin  it
Nice movements and glow usage!
gg
id give it a 8/9 because of the start, really nice though :^. try not to die with the coronavirusbtw
Cool! I love it :)
Cool
Good BG, Good Object, Good Color, Epic Glow and I Love it!! :D
Cool lvl 8)
great work dude, really fun
fun
neva gonna let u doown
THANK YOU ROBTOP!!
Password hint: look at the attempt count :)
it feels like a 2.0 level, which i guess is what you'd hope for from a remake of a 2.0 level
Cool remake 
congrats on verifying you madlad
lets go nimbus aye congrats
It's been a long journey, but it's finally over. GG
garbage gameplay lol
jghost right
Pass: 16422 like?
gg
Xanii is probably smelly.
gg 1 att
now THIS is what i call a good remake, sent to mods as an featured/epic extreme demon:)
the most forgetable list level imo
gg 1 att
extreme demon with the least likes lol
NIVEL CULIAO MALO POR LA CHUCHA
shit level
1.08k ATTEMPTS:D in practice:(
this level is undeniable evidence that robtop doesn't play the levels he rates
it should be a medium demon but cool
This should be rerated to medium demon .-.
Interesting, Sent :o
This was actually really fun for me, except this should just be a medium demon.
Awesome Epic ! :)
nice!
this is demon
this is ome of the weirdest gameplay ive seen in a long time
why isnt this demon
This is medium demon at least.
Really epic! maybe get insane demon or hard demon, good lock! ;)
??? demon.
medium demon
should be a medium demon AT LEAST
medium demon though
woow
is robtop drunk again
demon level,not insane
Me encanta Owo
terrible year in the story.
Really good fun, not sure I can send though. :(
1,000,000 orbs =)
cool and fun!
Neat! :D
this level is about as good as the year its named after 
Cool end ship part! I can't wait to see you get 100 CP next year :)
por la moneda
yun is the cp grinder no one complains about for some reason.
To be Continue......
love u <3
anyone playing this in 2021? Hahaha
like if youre waiting for 2.2 on Janurary 29th 2020
2020 sucks
Who alse is playing this and saying that 2020 sucks?
2020 covi
fake 2020, this year is terrible
2020-2021
gg happy new year!
Like si moriste en el 96% intentando cojer la moneda
cool :3
I was sooo hyped for this! Amazing work my dudes :D 10/10
wow sjukt bra!
Merry Christmas :D - 12/27/2019
Amazing level! I hope your creating career in the future is bright and beautiful! Happy Holidays!
GG :) 200 attempts heh
Nice work :)
This is amazing. Never thought this would get feutured, but we did it LaSteven
from reddit
How about you don't fkin cover half my screen with your ugly 4ss deco so i can fkin see what im doin
how is this posible... WTF?!!
Avoiding copyrights from Frosted Flakes
this level needs to get epic because Dorami sent a comment on it.
ITS GREAT!
fix this black orb please :/
They're grrrrrreat!
awesome
why is this chat so toxic now lmao
Definitally rate worthy great job :)
Amazing  GG
petition to make balls mountain daily again ->
way better than the other 1.0 levels that got rated recently. deserves feature (:
omg Esencia
most of these 1.0 levels that have gotten rated are horrible, but this is amazing.
LMAO I GOT A DISCORD CALL AT THE WORST TIMING
There should be a button on the menu that says "BALLS MOUNTAIN" and it instantly takes u to the lvl
like what you were going for to say the least
the virgin generic glow style with basic blocks vs the chad creative block usage and good ideas
Amazing 1.0 style ;)
balls mountain
0/10 Not Balls Mountain and is 1.0 styled
password: 159865 likes?
Fornite bad x) if you disagree with me i will post you in r/cringe !
damn, it's so fun to play!
Hella fun and good af design :[]
guys this account was hacked by xXxCO0LGAMer__G.D.__xXx_69__420____xXx
kool :)
This is all you need to get daily level?!   Time to get 500cp
6 likes what i checked discord and came back
ew thanksgiving in november
this is so confusing
Dude It's annoying
Rubrub was here
generic deco, bad gameplay. I wonder why robtop still rates these.
bad gameplay
the name of this level is precisely what i died to
You all should chill. This is the creator's first cp. Is it that hard to be happy for them? :/
Damn it robtop rated nothing today XD
this is probably the most confusing gameplay ive ever played
idea is cool but execution is bad.
You guys only take away the motivation of a creator who is starting with his first cp :c
horrible gameplay and just an awful level overall
this level will give the creator 0cp because it gives NOTHING
I like the conecpts of the level, but for future levels try to make the gameplay easier to read
nice idea but the gameplay is bad
wtf am I even playing
Practice, then play. This level is awesome
shitty and confusing gameplay
guys, stop hating on the gp. let the creator enjoy their first cp. its a huge accomplishment and GG!
The level is amazing for being a bit old :>
Thanks so much for the opportunity, let's hope this gets rated mmm
Finally
OH MY GOD OH MY GOD LET'S GOOOOO YESSSSSSSSSSSS THANK YOU ROB
HELL YEAH
2861 + 859 = 3720 ATTEMPTS OH YES FIRST VICTOR LETS GOOOOOO
not bad, sent!
thank you nell very cool
GGGGGGGGG
Link to download the original song is on MiniWheatDuo's verification video!
Noice lvl, Sent :D
HOLY CRAP OH MY GOD
Wow yes
im mobile
lets go
Yes finally!
chodean part worst like if yOu agree
this is level
imagine saying something blatantly obvious and then begging for likes LLLLLLLL
Glad to be part of such a crazy project, good job to everyone who participated!
bro!
Sent! :D
Good gameplay
:'v esos likes volveran
GG. fantastic level!
awesome gameplay :)
Those pulses are amazing!!
The drop parts are much better than the beginning, I would direct more effort into decorations
Hmmm Pretty Nice But Gameplay Pretty hmmmmnmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
the game play is amazing and the deco is also amazing robtop give this a epic rating
nice
Good level! The thing is, at 46% it looks allot better than before, I'd say polish parts under 46%
wow  :o
LEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Nice colours, weak transitions, empty
should be noticed !
700 downloads
woah
Very cool man
Gameplay could be better, but it's a great level. | Send to Mods. x)
Cool
in case you guys didnt know as it doesnt say anywhere in the level yet, i verified it
math checked, every 7.107692307 people to play this level will leave a like
AYYYYY LESSGO
Pass is 544554 8)
second half is pretty nice!!
we need this rated!!
This is really fun
let's imagine we beat this level
yuh
new best extreme in the game
Actual best level in gd
Haha yes
So happy to have finally beaten this! Outstanding level, absolutely loved it, so glad it's rated! GG
that was fast
i hate you
Yay! Radiation! You're still alive! <3
this level ruined my entire day
GG Demon #1965 - 5014 attempts bruh. I died 16 times after the fourth wave
rob went on an extreme demon rating spree
3662 attempts :)
nice. I like the color usage but I wish it was a bit more...interesting? not sure but its pretty
GOING TO JOE BIDENS HOUSE AT 3AM (GONE WRONG)(NOT CLICKBAIT!)
yoo the floaty ring sawblades
I love this level!
i wish this didn't end at the drop, but it's pretty nice looking otherwise
It is Summer in Australia, patched secret way in v3 update
Look its a whale! Wait, its my math teacher.
Aquaris vibes, anyone?   \_(^~^)_/
gj bb
Your first set of creator points has been long overdue. This level shows your clear potential. :)
the descovery of titanic be like:
awesome work!
first feature :O
Loved it!
first cp!
good level :)
buen nivel :3
GG! :)
in the summertime when the weather was good
Also, congrats on first feature! You're one of the lucky ones born with the ability to decorate.
Neat effects, and good block designs, some parts could use more work tho :)
:ELEPHANT:
very cool designs and effects! Id recommend adding some movement to make it less static tho. :)
Such a relaxing & fun lvl! Thanks to no end! Much love, wishes, your's sincerely, your boi, P0SITIV3
cool :)
cool level dude, it was fun to see your improvements over the last years :)
g
gg EPIC
GG 3 coins
I will make a video of this awesome level!
this level is genuinely awesome
finally, a good level i found in the recent section
culiune
66,000 stars :)
gg all coins
This is should be Epic . nice Work dude ^-^
Password is 011220
this is AMAZING. the colors, the animations, the song..... woah
GG
GG! :)
Could be more interesting but overall not bad. :)
after 15 months i finally published new level xd
oformit' vkid
The pass is 211120, if you want to copy it.
click forcing is a very bad gameplay element.
Unnamed 69 will be a thing!
useless
I was thinking it was a nine circles stage until the wave part xD
Only doors can like this post
The first wave and ship parts are really tight, and what is that UFO? And that troll at the end...
gg 52 attempts annoying ufo part
coin update lol
@Xadeers, i'm a door.
4EloBEK, KPYTOi YPOBEHb!
bruh i made cancerous second coin. 
pizdec, simpl stil' !!! no kryto ;)
all unnameds of 4Y4 have feature
actually tolerable now, thanks for updating
russian description lel
me when I have 61 unnamed levels in the editor
                                                                                  geometry dash
Guys my dog is verifying silient clubstep 
negara is a country in indonesia :///
The pass is 555777, if you want to copy it.
Wait Creator is Indonesian? Yo kamu ngapain
halo guys saya dari indo baru main ni game
thx for the last key of the last 5 keys chest i appreciate
ikat pinggang diperlihatkan
we lu ingat gw gak? akun gw cutehd lupa paswod:(
gg
BEAUTIFUL <3
itu kenapa
indo bang?
pretty fun level lets go!
bruh i only need 2 likes to get to the most liked page
158 attempts GG
coooll :0
kenapa itu
baru sadar ada monas
GG!
Help me, I can't see when I close my eyes
i was gonna say that the gameplay was unique, but then i realized that it was just dumb
keep pressing the last dash orb :)
monochromatic done right
Like if you're here before daily 
Definately not my best, hope you guys can understand i just wanted to get it out and finish it
rob release 2.2, 3 years ago, in my dream
password is 717420
2nd favorite lvl!
WOOO lets GO third rate!!!! gg on that! just try to be more original :/
dang this was rated in like a couple minutes wow
why are we here just to suffer
@carbeans1 although i do not agree woth that opinion, i respect it, and i wont be rude and dislike
Oh wow, great level!
That is beautiful!!!
GG
&
naivete
that wave at the end was not necessary
hippity hoppity top comment is now my property
nice 
This is an awesome use of glow, amazing, gg
permen relaxa
nice one, first cp?
good gameplay but some transitions don't work properly
Potato
permen wangi penyegar mulut
Wow
nice map
GG very nice level this should 100% get a feature or epic :0
200th like
GG All coins. The only part that I thought the was weird was 75%.
Decoration is great looks awesome but gameplay is horrific and completely ruins the level
a
GG 61 attempts and all coins! Very cool deco :)
DanZmen: OoooHHhh tHe gLoW
GG! 3 Coins :D
all coins
Fun fact: I have no fun fact
GG! :)
Really like the atmosphere this level has :o
For coin: Spam 50 times at 50%-60% to finally unlock the coin at 81%.
For coin: Only tap the 2nd dash orb at 44% & let go to get the collectible at 46%.
i really, really like the atmosphere and design of this level. tbh i hope it gets featured
GG With coin. For coin: Jump over the yellow jump pad at 11% & jump at the edge of the slope.
If a man can say he self identifies as a woman, I can say I self identify as a flying bamboo plant.
well i think we all know what hes gonna change the description to
hes my friend one of the best ones
This is just a themed generic level. Also I hate the coin route. Please dont hate me. :c
Is this the new Minecraft Cave update...             no this is patrick.
GD Theories: Will he ever change the description?!?
i cannoot SEEEEE
this was amazing i really liked the gameplay as well as tye atmlspher of tye level
GG!
designs are a bit repetitive but the atmosohere and glow usage rock. (:
copyrighted by sega (sonic 2)
The Coin............
GG!
Good Theme:)
before featured
Forget the "Like if" comments and just admire this beautiful level
bruh i got 50 clicks and the coin still flew away :(
TYSM ROB! :)
Melano
coin 1 at 18% go up coin 2 at 64 do 50 clicks before 64% coin 3 at 97% jump over a triple
Rosa also means pink in swedish and spanish!
a ok
did you guys know if u close ur, eyes, u cant see!
La rosa de guadalupe
es rosa como el amor de mama xd
:)
made the coin even easier :)
...
updated the final jump, it was already easy but some people were complaining so yea 
thanks everyone! :)
50,000! Thank you very much! WOOO :D
140 clicks
96% gang ->
FFFFFFFFFFFFF
TF
very creative!
really like this
NTT sounds like entity thats smart 
coool
this gameplay at the end is kinda bad but other than that its a great level
a little confusing but good idea for lvl.
did no one find the secret way
pass is 081100
dont like it
GG After 2 fails at 88%.
kinda unique but holy crap is it hard to sight read this thing
omg pocke
Niceeee :)
que hermosa cancion
cool
So original level (^-^)
with the lastest update i have fixed the 82% bug and made the last part more visible
<3
the block design just dipped lmao
dont leave
like this comment with your elbow
I dare you to like this comment with your finger
Imagine dying in a 2 star level
like this comment with your nose
I see that they ask for likes ... like infinite
why are all the top comments like begging omfg
I dare you to like this comment with your feet!
I dare you to like this comment with your tongue! ;)
A 2 star level with actual gameplay? Wait that's illegal..   :3
like si tienes pene 
Did you know you can like this comment 10 times? Try it!
password: 263549
like this comment with ur palm
Did i juat like a comment with my tongue...?
abueno porque mos comentarios no tienen likes
like if you played this level to get some coins
if this comment gets top comment nothing will happen. btw love the lvl!
Like con el pene :v
Like if second coin is hard
I just miss levels like this
if you like this comment you are legally skilled
I got this moment when this level has 90 downloads, 19 likes and is rated
Beautiful, also is that me and dafinn at 56%?????
This level is awesome! The sync is incredible! Great job!;)
I love this level :3 And also thank you so much for putting me in the level! ^w^
Like this comment for free cokie
c:
Did you know you can like this comment 10 times? Try it! 
yo this is great
well isnt this just the cutest little level. super fun too!
i beat two demons today
STANBY
robot portal after first spider is skippable and the robot part can be somehow done with spider.
i love the fact that all your levels have high objects lol
This is amazing man! Its a shame its not epic.
Like this comment for the Dweller with thumbs up
Hello   SPIKE
GG, but the bug at the yellow jump pad was kinda annoying sometimes...
have a good life
Amazing as always!
toyota yaris better.
This is real good, I could see it getting epic, nice job
sponsored by Lana Rhodes
Is that an epic with no high objects that mobile players can play? IMPOSIBLE
Like: Tsuru Tunead        Dislike: Toyota vitz
When Gran Turismo gives you pink Toyota Vitz instead of Race Car.
Toyota corolla 1998
Welcome back to Geometry Dash, a game where you get paid to promote companies.
i'm more of a Honda Fit guy
my favorite car is ford mustang mach 1969
love love LOVE this
yo
Toyota Vitz and Yaris is the same car but Vitz is a japan version ;v
Pretty cool ngl :)
LIKE IF YOU ARE IN THE ''MAGIC'' TAB!
today on bottom ghear we will be revwieving the brand new toyota vitz,
TOYOTA            ...                ...         TOYOTA           ...            ...            TOY
'93 Toyota Paseo
swing copter ruined it
it got rated
great job! and thanks for the dedication :)
like i said, definitely not my best level ever but im having fun building again and im on mobile now
i really hate these custom objects, it's like you have to learn a new style for each level
really cool but please change the orb placements
very unfun gameplay.
Welcome back! Pretty neat stuff!
st
Be honest, how many attempts did it take for you to get past 7%?
there are many parts that demons timing....
gameplay suck
Garbage transition.
._.
Awesome, i really like it :D
hard to sight read,i keep dying at 13%
This is so amazing and cool! :)
YOU MEAN THIS TURNED FROM  A RECENT LEVEL TO AN ORIGINAL LEVEL!?!?
awesome!
Me when taco bell
GG
1000 estrellas :)
sorry if i make mistake on this level, i am human too
Not bad! it would be great if you add some movements the structures tho
it wss cute :))
hi wyd
ini indo?
ducy
so peaceful, so perfect
kinda enoing GP
Gameplay is frustrating, but yeah, looks like you improved bit, Thanks for dedication btw ^^
send to Helper bro
Gafen says: "Hiatus..." in his post. // Me: NEW LVL CONFIRMED???
DAH LAH MALES
Good level, but fix 80% transition, wave dies there
Hello! Like this if you are here before feature :D
uh okay, not bad btw, i love it :)
sent to mods :)
gg 16 attempts
i hate duals no matter where they are
temen gw
G
has good animations and effects, but lacking in some other ways. you're getting there
HURRY ROB, THE CHICKEN IS ON FIRE... GET YOUR BOOTY OVER HERE AND RATE THIS!
Awesome!
wait you play GD? name every level..
i love this
ELECTROINDASH
ELECTROID         pog
!epic
This level is so good and I love the bossfight but theres a secret way at 70%
awesome
: | Nice
ok, this is absolutely AMAZING!!
walter
bang
Me! :D
hahaha 44attempts in mobile
Woltor
GG! :)
this level givin of cinematic vibes tho
BRUHHHHH
Las transiciones pueden mejorar pero de todos modos esta bueno :b
Gameplay could be a lot better. Congrats on first cp!
gameplay in some parts can improve, I like the concepts :)
GG! :) 58 Attempts! 32800 User Coins!
Epico mi amigo... Featured merece 7* estrellitas (9/10) 
congrats on your first cp!
gg Cp
nice glow style i love it!!
GG! :)
gg
GG :)
sick designs! amazing lvl!
GG!!:3
GG
GG!
Gameplay is a bit finicky sometimes, but dang I love the energy this has! c:
:)
cool designs, but the gp needs work
Please FIX THE TRANSCIONS!! but the level is beatiful... :3
Cool but unconsistent gp.
oh wow this is the first time my level immediately got into magic lol
vonical depression
this level is brighter than my future which is pretty bright
i already did
pog
already saw this a while back, it's cool just a lil repetitive, but nice
79.6k stars
inspired by me omj 11!1!
that's pretty good but the first part is unironically a flashbang lmao
moodern
nice
I really dont like the transitions, also gp could be better :)
I was vibing to the song the whole time
Ayyy =]
8)
this is really clean
why do people only use this part of the song ://
so beautiful, i love it
GG 600 SILVER COINS
good lvl
<3
kinda weird but cool
 10 coments XD
420 likes
thats my sis
gg
starting off the day with some good gameplay
Big nemsy fan :)
got coin 2 by accident lmao
its level created 1 years old :)
POV: Nemsy
Gg :)
GG's. 1 Coin.
i
yo w
xd
GG! (:
LOL
1 attempt gg
wot
?
Free Stars Lol
34502 stars.
LEVEL FREE
Am I the only one who see this free ?
ahahahahaha......like
top comment is litterly 1 like
wat
wtf ???
What the......
free stars orbs yeet
gg
guy
gg
GG! Awesome! :)
Amazing :)
??
10.975eme stars
nic3
nice but i cant download the song .___.
gg with feature dude
so sad :(
has anyone cried too while playing this level?
rip song
Welcome to the 6cp band!
feature worthy! great decoration and gameplay!!
28k stars, GG! :)
7 likes xD very famous
Song Banned due to Unlicensed Samples
Sad  :'(
facil
song is not allowed for use. Why?
this level is incredible
:'(
Cool level but we cant get the song :^(
Que sad  :c
GG! :)
GG cool lev SAD
:'( 
nice level the style realy suits the song!
shitty rate i thimk 6 stars
DUDE FVCKING BALLS MOUNTAIN GOT RATED I AM ON THE FLOOR
No way, THIS IS NOT 5 STARS... This should be at least 8*
you perfectly captured the essence of this song
GG! 7k stars, cool level!
this is 6-7 star no doubt about it. also if u dislike this then u are wrong, there other one agree
epic.
NOICE
Hardest 5 star level
should be 6*
buenardooooooo BEST LEVEL :D
GG! Nice Level :)
omfg the first ship
gg
*wonders why this only got rated 5 star*
wow this is amazing i love all the different styles  its pretty unique and interesting 
This one, is my favorite hard level
now i want to see my nana with alzheimers gosh darnit why am i crying
should be 6 stars
chaotic but cool :)
El nivel es demasiado bueno, pero lo unico de lo que me quejo es de la transicion del ufo xD
2nd coin: touch first blue portal in ball part, third coin only touch first and third trigger in 76%
who is this girl and why is she picking her nose
cuando tu ex se hace la dificil pero tu le dices yo ya Tekomi xd jajaj
1 Coin: In 37%. 2 Coin: In 51% Trigger In 49%. 3 Coin Active The Trigger 1 And 3 In 74%-76%. Like?
monas chinas .u.
Felicidades por las estrellas :3 GG!!
This level feels so alive , also its really fun !
Niceee owo
gg 4 attempts nice end art
Epico
hoy toca paj@
uwu
nada mal :)
:(
:o
GG all coins :D very cool :)
poor gameplay
RE piola
WOAH I WAS NOT EXPECTING THIS QUICK THANKS ROB :))))
pog
Your levels and style is so unique! Good luck on the feature!
this level need a night vision potion 
POV: You are in electrical room in Among Us
Lo unico que tengo que decir es que... 10/10.
*Yeets Minecraft Night Vision Splash Potion on the ground* OKAY LETS TRY THIS AGAIN
going into electrical be like
demon thing
funny numbr now laugh
Password: 717717
ggs ez coins 
hope this is your second rated level : )
Nice dark atmosphere! Hopefully this becomes your second feature! c:
Thx for dedication!! :'D I didn't see it until I watched the video. lol. XD
Great Sync and Level Style! :D
cool
great gameplay
34k
nice!
if this gets top comment i will hit myself in the face with a pizza
Munacra is Arcanum backwards!
Wow, nice!
mightve nutted, not sure
I'm coughing cause this is SICK!!!
pass:024680
La vaca
89 attempts + 2 coins! #1033
Awesome level bluerimz!
ITS TIME
imagine making a level with the song Ping! that isnt discord themed
level is so good i had to beat it twice
like if LDM saved your life
Epic! GG
GG Epic!!!
discord song
GG! 11 attempts :)
You've popped off with this one, by far your best work imo :o
first 15 % complete cancer
GG! 49,000 stars :)
love the ambient u guys created! Its also quite fun to play
saluti da cutrofiano
3 likes and i am top comment
congrats
Rob thanks from me carminius and qventiam!!
50000 Stars!
love the chill
Not bad c:
GG 8 attempts :)
Thus us a very vibe level-
very nice level! it has very fun gameplay and nice visuals.
This deserves to be daily
Xd
GG 16000 stars
Congratulations for the rate! ^^
nice job of 4 cp man
10.000 Stars :)
ufffff
wow so calm this ambiance i like it fun to play :)
Annoying
empty in some parts, but really cool atmosphere :)
I washed my hands right after playing it
Very nice atmosphere, thanks for the dedication!
best level in recent tab ive found today deserves feature in my opinion mods lower your standards
Very unsettling song wooow... Kinda wanna make a level with it 
POMOI RUKI
the PLAG dude (Noob3 ppl undertsand)
kruto pazan no eto epic
i died at the second half every attempt, it felt like an eternity
ne budu ya ruki muit poshel nahui
YES you finally got cp!! :D
GG! 9 att :) 
Wash your Hands. 3 words.
i cant see anything
aaaaaaa
yoooo this is cool
 b
GG! :)
the song scare meee
the best ad ever
POV: You're going to Brazil
Beyond impressive for 5 days. Well done, Aerid!
Remember!!!! Phone Players  "e x i s t"
hot animie girl
i will never understand how levels like these are possible to make
pass 363636, like please :)
You bought tickets to Brazil, but ended you up being in New York, Get New yorked!
a~
How u make somethin like dis in 5 days :O
If you Experience Lag, Remember to turn on LDM, It'll help you alot
This level is so beautiful, good gameplay, awesome art and design. Perfect :D
why isnt this epic??
Knots, is that you?
3000 stars :)
Holy Shit, that's EPIC!
Incredible.
ae
this deserves epic imo
Top 50 for stars worldwide
ae
Great gameplay! But feels just a bit too empty in my opinion! Keep it up though, you got potential!
Why is this song speaking the n-word tho
Forgot to credit Caffeine Rush by Chayper since first part is inspired by them, check them out :)
NeonMiku :-)
nice ideas, shows a lot of potential :) just work on the execution and consistency
YO ROB THANKS SO MUCH!!!! ;D
ok
Pretty cool
Ebicc
can be better but still decent,featured worthy
G
what is this music???
love this level
hmmmm this is insane 0_o
h
ggs!
wtf is this song
Finally a level that is dedicated to me that's rated. Thank you a lot Miku :)
This is insane miku, i love this.
i like the gameplay
thank you so much to all of you who have supported me, my main goal in GD has been met
solo por esa cancion, me compraste
yooo is this for me????
OH MY GOD THANK YOU SO MUCH ROB AAAAAAAAAA
mario galaxy is cool
CONGRATS! I AM SO LATE! :D
CONGRATS! AND DONT FORGET UR FRIENDS WHEN UR FAMOUS!
YOU GOT CP YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY
No please no
pretty cool
GG ON CP VANIEL, LETS F*CKING GO
HOLY CRAP SINCE WHEN WAS THIS RATED??? GG ON THE FEATURE!
thanks! also sando it wouldnt let me reply to your dm for some reason btw
AHHHHHHHGG VANI!!!!!!!!! <333333
Im late to the party but still congrats on the CP. Hopefully this doeant go to your head XD
good news: this might get daily because rob usually does that to the newest featured level every day
thank you jimmy, i am your #1 fan
Awesome amazing fantastic
AHHHHHHHHHHHH YES ITs RATED VANIEL GOT CP LeS GOOOOOOOOO
reuplod momento
take this L cause you forgot it in the level name
Coins: 18%, 91% (Go up path), 97% (Go to red heart at the bottom) Hope this helped!
try working on making more than just the outlines pulse, wish empty spaces were used better here 
Joe Biden  exposed  for havin huge  nuts bro B)
i rly like the first ship but that's maybe biased because i'm orange
petition for stinkyburger ban
cant believe i found this in recent tab
Joe Biden exposed for hacking GD stats; Becomes president
wow supprisingly easy
Fun fact: monky
ok time for lunch ! have a great time and remember to have a common sense <3
hi guys hope that is all good for you !!
my alexa thought i said this: jump tree dash
yea this level is a blast to play, thank you
I saw the coin but still crashed into the wall because im stupid
front lawn reveal at 1,000 subs
subscribe to youtube
Screw all racists, screw all racists, screw all racists
who is deleting my comments
the mohammed movie 2 is amazing
because its fun
like=  +  1%
featured like                                                                                 [here]
i like how people wont know the context behind rob's comment at all but they will still like it
please don't commit war crimes, that's rude
load after load in my hot anime girlfried
me fricking your mom
please, do not ignore this comment, you don't have to think outside the box: choose whats in it.
dislike if you simp for cardi b
level name describes what i put in your mom last night
cool level and effects |Sent to mods :)|
disclaimer: im doing this just for fun, i think rob has a sense of humor
Yo mamas teeth so yellow that when she smiled she slowed down traffic
I CANNOT BELIEVE ROBTOP HIMSELF IS CURRENTLY PRESENT AT THIS VERY MOMENT :D!!!
Muchos comentarios xdxd (este probablemente se pierda) 
making loops is complicated at first then really easy once you get it down
lol 10000 likes? :OOOOOOOOOOO
Geometry Dash
"Oh no , I've fallen , and I can't get up"
so the password is just 002001
pretty cool, kinda hard to tell which blocks are solid or not though
Comment flagged as [bonk]             [show]
LESS GOOOOOO
"Gravity? Who gives a crap about gravity?" "Need a dispenser here!" "BONK!" -The Scout, TF2
le bonk
sorry for all of the updates im trying to fix a lot of bugs!
Le bonk james
update 1 uldm added
this level is too strong for my phone but it is very good
bonk.io
@GribnoyBoy where is it so I can fix it
Yooooooooooooo, I'm honored to be one of the dedications! Thank you :D
The 65 % phase is awfull 
In this world it's Bonk or be Bonked
Like For Team Bonk Dislike For Conk Team
me when I hit my head on the ceiling:
Ye i got bonked
This level is dedicated to: Scout
comment below yeah
.-.
;>
nice atmosphere and flow. ;)
congratulations on your first CP :D
ill say it now, this lvl has nothing to do with a shovel
I can't describe why I like this level.
the wave tho   what???
pp
There aren't enough elegant levels in gd, this was lovely
Last part's wave mechanic is pretty sick. The rest is pretty boring, not much going on 
also the ball feels like u r on uldm
gg nice lvl should be rated normal not hard though
Blyat
rate epic
GG! 2700 stars :D 13/11/20
To the few people reading this, how has your day been?
the world is gonna roll me
Relaxing :)
the ball part is cool (=
Its gonna be Bolt
somebody once told me
Awesome :>
nexender, xender game, nexender game lol.
that random invisible slow speed changer is stoopid. i've died there 4 times in a row
This should've been epic also! Whats going on today? ;-;
This looks incredible!! I love the colors and block design! Thx for using me and Maxs gameplay <333
gg epic level :)
Very fun lvl also awesome look
good gameplay :) 
the gameplay has alot of refresh rate bugs :l
F in chat for my UFO
I LOVE THIS LVL GOOD JOB
bad gp
I got rare chance I see this level on the recent levels tab
Looks nice but some colors seem too saturated in my opinion. Pretty cool regardless.
45 att. on mobile GG! Okay level, but has some really annoying and buggy parts.
great as always!
Nexender's levels will always be a paradise for star grinders.
Gameplay and design are on point :D
hahhahahahahhahahahahaha
next time, add a better ldm because its makes your levels unplayable
Thank you Robtop! My dream came true again!!!   <3
if a level has practice recomended then thats a bad sign lol
cool effects but the designs are rather repetitive and the gameplay is really hard to sightread 
Second cp?
if this comment gets 3 likes i will remove the triple, i promise
like if there's secret way
That gameplay is just miserable for me
you should work on making gameplay a bit better but at decorating your good
how about you dont make custom orbs and portals
fantastic song choice!
no me gusta el gameplay :/
i hate triple spikes, i died at the end twice
GG :)
Fun gameplay but the final wave ruined it a bit, imo.
sac so
buggy
Secret way sad
Pretty tough for an 8*. If this is a nerfed version then the unnerfed could probably be demon.
the first part is good
a bit empty
this song seduced me
gameplay is too inconsistent and hard to read
wtf is this gp you can barely sight read it
bro i swear i saw seduce me something in the beggining ...
this level is more blind than helen keller
rly good pulses,colours and glow. ur best
I don't usually hate on levels but these transitions are the absolute worst.
The transition before the drop is very wack but I love the rest of this lvl
wave is cringe
Awesome =)
this is really rushed and the gameplay is pretty unfun :/
This wave is impossible ._.
i am going to get this rated
not fun gameplay
the drop is just bad
this song be like JSDI99IIASOPDKAPWODIQ90I21093I
wheres the flash warning ;-;
Remember the wave on Fire Aura Gauntlet? And it said Harder 7?
I forgot how to spider lol
THE IMPOSTOR IS BLUUUUEEE
Thanks for letting me be part of this, Good job guys! <3
resident sleeper
GG KUMI oWo
2nd part is godly
GG!! owo
GG :) this is sooo good, I love this song <3
:'3
Aaaa
y el epic? se lo merece
Finalmente....1000 USER COINS! Gracias por la dedicatoria....kumi <3
why not epic? its all good rob, i really love it!
wow 69
needs a RATE NOWW
Nice!! :D
lindo uwu, fue un honor participar
GG All coins & fluked from 42%. I wish more harder levels had fun gameplay like this one :).
Good job..
asu madre Este es uno de los mejores Collab (y lo digo onestamente)
that end art is insane!
maybe daily right?
Haha cool!
RUSSKIE VPERED RUSSKIE VPERED!!!
Bug on 30% has been fixed!
GG! greatful! pass is 19905
LOL BEST RECENT TAB LVL ! GG on this <3
Roma postoralsya
nation
v nice gameplay
I feel like this level got overated
No
aaaaa
Nice)
GG.Cool level)
vareniki
pretty cool :)
feature worthy for sure.
good music and gameplay is fun in my opinion
Really Cool Level
but FIX THE BUGS PLEASE ! :)
i completed it on practice , this needs to be rated its amazing
Dont ruin a good level with a no sense name... Anyway, good stuff, keep up the good work
DISLIKE FOR ROBLOX, LIKE FOR GEOMETRY DASH!!
solo io in italia che non mi piace il calcio?
OMG OMG OMG! ._.
Comunque il gameplay di sto livello mi fa venire voglia di sedermi sulla TV a guardare il divano
ma perche XD
se uno di questi livelli diventa daily ci sara una chat piena di italiani :)
Forza elefanti
Buonsalve agli Italiani!!
vedo con molto piacere che ci sono molti italiani che giocano a geometry....
rob its 1 am and i have school tomorrow, stop keeping me up.
sdrogo mefistofelico
No ma io ti amo! E' il livello col nome pi bello in assoluto. CIAO ITALIANII
DIOCANE (:
Ok this gameplay is confusing.. ok oook...
mi sono iscritto a e-campus ma ronaldo non mi ha aspectato 0/10
dai giuve siamo tutti con te
wow quanti italiani 0.0 buonsalve a tutti!!!
lmao this isnt Forza, where r the cars?                           Im joking, dont massacre me
uau una chat italiana
Im back
Like si vienes del directo GG
DanolexForMod
Precioso
like si eres un humano
Nice
Nice
pineapple on pizza is an enlightened flavor combination, if you haven't tried it you're missing out
dude what if you put pizza bagels as a topping on a regular sized pizza
cheese pizza is good too c: nothing wrong with the classics
holy shit an easy rated daily?
DANOLEX ES EL PUTO AMO PARA CREAR NIVELES! <3
Nice 8)
pass 200019 x))))) pleaselike x)))
Everybody is saying "Danolex is bacl" but the thing is, he never left
*easy level as daily* Players: *NPESTA KENOS REACTION*
ily rndom
finally an easy for a daily. like if you agree
Coins; 1: buttons at 4%, 7%, 10%, & then coin at 12%. 2: Coin at 51% on top. 3: key at 82%, coin 89%
Like Si No Eres GaY
Saluti Utente = Greetins User in italian
So goood
Like for GD, dislike for school
Not bad :)
I didn't expect to see such a cool level today
coca cola espumaaa
Saluti dagli elefanti
This looks really cool but the gameplay is kinda confusing with some jank transitions
<3
@royale thats not our fault, the level is called GREETINS USER, not GREETINGS USER
we saluti
ma buon salveh!
excluding the spelling mistake "greetins" this level is great and fun to play
wow so cool
viva italia (bergamo)
thats awfully close to my name...
raga lasciate like se siete italiani
Ma seriamente un livello in italiano
bella pe
ok ciao
F how in the world is this 7 stars
hey bro! cambiate a movistar, no he comido en dias D:
THANKS YOU ROB :DDDDDD
es hermoso muchas gracias <3
This is literally like 9 stars robtop you virgin
DIEGO GEIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII xd
shit gameplay
Quiero likes para superar a shirupj,ayudame porfavor
Enjoy All!
I like how a medium demon 5 years ago is as hard as this harder 7 star rn
pass 081120
I Didn't know DEMONS were worth 7 Stars.
definitely harder than 7 stars...
cuando jugamos UNO de nuevo?
super fun gp, maybe it should be 8*  tho
demon
@DiegoJrt Abuenotemecuidas
QUE CAPOOOOOOOO
Song name reminds me of a very useless person from anime :)
Make It tambien se merece rate.
COLOURS GOOD
Omg I beat the weekly in one attempt!
Guys you are crazy! <3
0w0
got the coin when i tjought i went the wrong way ;-;
Weekly better get daily
zdravm slovenske bratry
pass 002020 like?
topka
Epic my friend <3
Wow, a fellow Slovakian? Coooool :)
how did  i do this in 2 attempts lol first attempt died at the first ufo orb then i won lol!
Very fun to play!
Good :)
GG 1 att LEST GOOOO
mega :3
cool
nice level
The decoration on the level is somewhat disorganized. It's a good level, but it can be better. c:
Gg! 1att lol
Yes yes yes yes
everyone voted biden          biden was the imposter
love
LOL THANKS ROB <3
can I marry this level please
Cool! :)
Insane work! Beautiful colors, great movements, and a phenomenal atmosphere! (:
poggers true love tier
bob the builder fails his math test and gets a well-deserved beating
Murder is not a joke. I guy hot glued my cats mouth and nose shut. Happened 4 months ago.
nothing ban worthy yet you have 7 bans
petiton to remove cat icon from GD
me after my imaginary divorce counseling session ,             
the dad mfing just cheated on his wife 
Yes yes yes yes                               gimme 150+ likes now plz
i ...love MINECART..
really nice level, perfect amount of air deco, easy to read gameplay with fun gameplay, nice colors.
vengo de nexus cuando me lo pase comentare otra vez :v
you know, having friends is nice, making all of you my friends  :)
i dislike among us a little bit, kinda plain and boring.. same thing over and over, publics are gay
whats the return trajectory for my dad?                                                      ;(
We need more levels like this now
Amazing as always Serinox <3
gg 5 attempts 1 coin way too easy for 7 stars
Awesome
beautiful
7 Stars? It was still a fun and beautiful level :)
looks really beautiful, but it could use more motion/effects/pulses to match the song's energy
pretty fun!
fun fact : mobile players get free speedhack on the wave part!
The art is amazing
wave part is fun and easy!
passoword? 
oh god the backgroundjdjdbdbdbdj
fun
no practice. took me 17 attempts
very  nice 
i just saw this get rated
this level is so good
Not 7 stars, and ggs 2 att
This level SLAPS DUDE
Really neat stuff man, you have a ton of potential.
really creative, i think should have gotten epic
GG! :)
nice
uwu
Nice level man, really like the design!
good stuff
Congratulations on 100 subs! 8)
so cool :3
unique but needs a lot of work with execution
wow, nice level
featured :D
coool
coool
I love it
Oh first page featured, thanks rob!
2 att
gg
kinda pogger
Like for shrek. Dislike for Biden. Dislike for Trump.
BuT wHeRe ArE ApPoLlO 1 tHrOuGh 12 At ? ? ? ?
remember when there were only nine circles? :( we must have at least a few hundred circles by now
GG
Like for Rukkus , Dislike for Rukkus , Ignore For Rukkus
Fantastic deco and gameplay but this level really kicked my butt, I'm not used to NCs lol. GG!
Like  for insane demon,Dislike for hard demon
LETS GOO NEW HARDEST
i like this. level
GG! 743 attempts, beaten yesterday when the servers wouldn't let me comment :)
Love it
THE SONG IS BACK
m
I can  never get over your style
GG!! My new hardest NC level!!
extreme demon wut
oops
the song was banned because newgrounds hates remixes a lot for some reason or the original song was copyrighted
its friday
THE SONGS BACK :D
wassup daily chat
why do bars of soap seem like they would taste good
Rob in 2.3 should improve acount system like offline and online status and some kind of MD
cat icon with feet 10/10 horror movie
The worst feeling is accidentally clicking Robtop's Twitter instead of your profile.
goooooooooooooooooooooooo
1st coin: fly through fireballs at 36%. 2nd coin: grab potion at 43% and coin is free at 49%.
if ur bored.. u should read this comment. Wait a minute, u already did ,':0
FIVE LIKE ANDI BEAT BLOODLUST B) :V
Alright who like a minecraft
guys look i have the fortnite skin in geometry dash
The worst feeling is when you worked hard on a creation and creators bully you due to the creation.
Mondays are the best day ever bc its the worst day
PLS STOP ABUSING MOVING OBJECTS IT MAKES THE GP SO ANNOYING
Like if you dont have a girlfriend :(
thoughts on my new icons? thoughts?
Btw I dropped my cat and it didn't land on all four legs, it fell on its back,  scam.
i really dont like the only capital letter in the levels title is the W in World.
There probably is an elder lurking watching this madness rn
all hail the oaf cattle. the oaf cattle shall rise. in all of their stupidity, hail. all hail the oa
Daily chat, otherwise known as, the warzone 8)
2.2 comes out when we post 22 comments in a row without mentioning farts
AcCoRdInG tO yOuTuBe StAtIsTiCs, OnLy A sMaLl AmOuNt Of PeOpLe HaVe LiKeD tHiS cOmMeNt
there is no mod.... take off your clothes
y'all are ferocious with the dislikes ):
robtop for president
when you type a comment almost to the character limit and it says "comment upload failed"
i read everything O _ O
POV: If you like this comment than you get free 180 user coin ship
only a fool would say no to a good head pat
ya like jazz?
The number one cause of death is actually dying
i love all of you equally :) jk hawks is my fav
bye chat i have to do homework :(
I am indeed a furry. Also, Howdy Splash!
hi whatup
just killed a mini wave in the main menu this is big news gys
if you use discord light mode stay far far away from me and my loved ones
1st coin: keys at 5, 9, & 15 coin at 17 2nd coin: keys at 61, 64, 65, 75, & 94 coin on top at 98. :)
i liked it
man i love skipping all these black orbs
Servers are down RIP :(
Anyone else having trouble loading new levels?
I like squares (Dislikes Inbound)
You would think a stargrinder would know to make better transitions
i like trains
GG with coin. For coin: Collect the key at 7% & tap the black orb at 11%.
I FINALLY CAN LOAD LEVELS YEEEEEAAAA
fresh by crashyy :eyes:
baum
i like trains
rate
baum
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
I also love trees. Like this if you also love trees.
where are the trees
yes trees taste good, oak is pretty good but a bit dry, have you tried birch wood?
like this comment if you like trees
i like trees to
PuffiTree > Vonux
bmm bmm bmm MARIO bmm bmm bmm MARIO
oh no what happened, wheres the comments, whys the song that
hi guys
hi!!
i love this level
angry birde
a little messy, but not bad!
Cool but a little too much glow
Suprian se inspira en jonathan y tu en suprian falta que alguien se inspire en ti jaja buen nivel
Awesome Level! Thanks For The Dedication :D
GG Both coins Finally & 7000 User Coins. This is also one of the WORST harder levels I've played.
maybe daily in a few days
GG! :)
Yo me inspirare en ti jsjaasj
sent
very nice :)
no
Bug on 16-17% (60hz)
bug in 17% but amazing level!
bloom
hello baby supriangd
wenas
uwu
both coins, nice level but for the next time less glow please it's hard sightreadeble this level ;/
bonito owo
mucho glow y suprian xD, but me gusta :D
changed the difficulty to 8 star by popular request, and fixed some visual bugs lol
i hate dying in this level because i know i'll have to listen to that god-awful alarm noise again
Okay, kids. Today we are talking about how not to choose a song for your level.
hi
orang
make this a spam comment
scary o.o
nice
no way, its a halloween lvl that came out 6 days late... poggers
hi guys i made first ufo part it looks cool right guys
thx for letting me build a part :D
Fun level but it's more an 8 star.
Easy Demon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Kinda unbalanced ngl, some parts are fun, some aren't
3:00 AM WE ARE SCREWED BOYS
can this pls be daily lvl. Pls
wtf is the black orb in the second cube? why do you have to time that? I die almost every attempt
GG! :) 17 Attempts! Fluked 0-100%!
ha ha ha I FOUND THIS SONG BEFORE YOU GO BRRR
AWESOME
wauw :o
4* not 7* lol
Might update some designs later as per feedback, later though. Coins were a pain to verify.
very hollowearth-y, idk if it was your intention but you nailed his style
Even when the city is gone, the ruins still got the moves like jagger
I tried to be original as much as possible, but I guess I gotta try harder. I promise to be better.
memememe
mate what another one? gg
The more I play, the more I see similarities with HollowEarth's style, and it makes me feel sick.
Gameplay needs improvment and kinda boring for a feature but hey still a good start!
I agree with the post below, but a cool level and fun too! :)
THIRD PLACE FEATURE, holy i didnt think i was capable of that
Coin Route Sucks
Kinda boring but thats ok, youll achieve greatness soon
GG! :)
I liked
some of the designs like the bd from the ship are overused. otherwise really good :)
Awesome level! :D
enter the city
Ggs! amazing level!
delete it
Block designs and colors are nice but everything else deco wise needs work.
rather uninspired, not a fan of how everything loses vibrancy at the drop. try using movements more
OMG THANKS FOR DEDICATIONSKL
stan denister
Solid colors, but the designs feel repetitive and lack movements. Please add ground details! (:
ronlix
Nobody cares if you're leaving GD or not. Just don't make already rated levels free...
pretty fun :D
OH YM GOD
geometry dashing to your mom
Thanks for free stars!
GG! Free stars :)
ronlix has cp.............................
This should be daily
gg, 1 att, got the easy coin, MEGA hot level, love it B)
FREE!
1 att idk how, that last 3x speed part is kinda hard
GG for your first featured :>
thanks for free stars and coins 
Riot but no
My first extreme demon, but no
Bloodbathn't
how is this insane??? i beat it 1st attempt
I beat Bloodbath in only 6 attempts, but no
783921 like plz :3
claim your 'here before rated' ticket here
insane difficulty but no
cant wait for bloodlust but yes
family friendly bloodbath
comment but no
not a fan, just seems like a less decorated version of bb carried by glow. youve made better 
Bloodbath gameboy version.
the 8 bit remix of this really makes this 8 times better
password: 783921 like so people can see
OMG I BEAT BLOODBATH, but no
lmao the song made me laugh 
like this coment if you suck at bloodbath ;)
Why is this 8 stars, this is 6 stars at best
:)
this level sucks so i sent it
This level is amazing so I didnt send it
Nice :)
This level is amazing because I sent it
this is so good i turned off my pc and threw myself into a factory furnace
Cool! Maybe a little hard to see the gameplay though
Firs- nevermind.
fresh
Outstanding! It's always a treat to see what you come up with next, keep it up man <3
enter the factory
WORLD FIRST NAKED COMPLETION WTFFFFFF
Great!
Muy bueno!
pass is 696969. seriously ;-;
5 attempts, noice :) you just keep on improving amor its sick
Fyi: "Mesin" means "Engine" in Indonesia, Like so others can understand! (:
Edge sucks lol
This goes hard
rraddy cringe
GG! 1 attempt :)
people be making levels about fall guys but nobody is playing fall guys :pensive:
really like the colors but please try to improve the gameplay!
Gameplay = Fun'nt
what happened to fall guys?
shit game play
very unfun gameplay
lol, This is good
fall guys in gd
It's Fall Guys, not Among Us
This...This is the coolest thing I have seen
woo
The 1st scene with the fall guy looks realistic somehow
Harder 7 not 6
some parts are little bit empty and gameplay is not good but nice colors and amazing arts!
the gameplay kinda sucks :/
frustrating for some reason lol
like si te gusta fall guys
jfc this guy worked hard on a level and all ppl have to say is lOl gAmE dEaD like dude shut up.
Is it just me or does the fall guy look very real?
We need fall guys to rise again gamers
sweet
Like = no School for 2 months
Me: Mom can we have knots. Mom: We have knots at home. Knots at home:
Hola
Knots style :)
25 more lik3e till i get top comment
I spoke too soon lol, first non-epic of the day
the backround is too distracting
yo rob check out elvii, he's lit af
Ya tiene estrellas :D
el nombre era top ;))
relaxing music... :)
Cool
But yo have potential, keep it up
divertido
:)))
10k stars! GG!
Wow congrats very good first level
t amo
yea
I like the name
Really nice level! Sent!
What if he rates a level named Top next? Peak comedy i know
gracias a todos por el apoyo ^w^, thanks robtop 
Muy bueno :3
11.000 usercoins! 11/11/2020 :D
Nada mal amigo sigue asi uwu<3
beep boop
:D
Awesome themed level! But the gameplay on the drop is quite hard to see.
Lol, he has only 2 uploaded levels, and both are rated and featured
:) <3
FINALLY CONGRATS BRO! SneyDry was second account of Snaiky
Thx for dedication :3
hard to see-
4 STARS????
A rubber robber named robby robs robtop.
Nice concept!
Got yelled at for rating a halloween level 10 days late, I see...
rob + top = RobTop
This would be awesome with some colors!
GG 2 Attempts after a fail at 89%.
i love this level. the backgrounds and effects work so well. definitively feature worthy
wouldnt be surprised if this got epic tbh
pretty cool!
51k stars! 18/11/20 :D
Nice
GG ANOTHER FEAT
WoW es realmente epico mi amigo :D
GG 1K LIKES!!!
bruh its like an auto and you have a crame perfect dash orb. why
Oh por dios, hermosisimo!!!!! solo ten cuidado con el final, me mori como 3 veces ahi xD
yeees gg!!
Cool :D
yees !! GG, Nice level !
epic
i really love all the effects and deco but couldve used color too
WKWJDJWJWJW IN 1 ATT :(
GGfdsh rhberdfhnfbn dfbhdffbfbnfvc
GG!,Por Tu Segundo Featured!!! uwu
If this gets top comment, Ill cook a lego and eat it
quite good but since it's a remake I was expecting to see something more innovative
dorami is featured this level
This is a pretty neat remake of a great level
si dais like tendreis tetas, muchas tetas
WA
Why not LDM?!?
I guess I have to cook and eat a lego now...
LAG
where's ldm????
Sent from Dorami and featured! GG on 1st feature! :macepog:
like if u came from doras stream
merry christmas everybody!
there is a trick at the ball part with the blue orb
Thanks to Dora The Moderator)
dorami was here
at least its original
lag
Yep, an old style level that looks better than some of new levels, but need deco improvements
ldm? Not a hear?
execution is pretty inconsistent, but not bad overall :)
Super inconsistant and unbalanced, design is good otherwise 
like if the
GG! :)
Thanks Robtop
Good design!
The level its cool, some parte feel kinda empty and the gameplay has bad transitions, overall GJ!
Why... Just WHY????
Like si quieres que salga la 2.2
Dis Level Looks cool
gg
noice
too many lights
not bad
8)
!!!! yess
unbalanced piece of crap, also f*ck the last transition to ship (end of the lvl), how the freak?
2/2 A lot of the time I felt like my death was because of bad level design. Overall okay level.
OH ITS VoPriX
collab with my family
Sick :)
my jaw dropped when i saw the planet break open OMG
woaw!
If you wanna know where the coins are, go check out the youtube video! (And subscribe too lol)
So clean and beautiful, good job :O
Nexus video moment
Good job I think it's epic :3
Awesome :)
DAILY LET'S GOOOOOOOOOO
proud to be first victor of this absolutely epic level! great job to both of you :D
so cool!
mr. christian and mr. ranger, great job
Incredibly good.
Beautiful!
Great level :)
super cool
You've grown so much as a creator. Happy I helped you when I was mod c:
Awesome, Your styles are so clean i love it!
ay amazing
Absolutley incredible! :D
IM JUST GOING TO BED RN AND THEJ?!??!?!
Can't wait for FlatLander to self promote for the 85th time in a row.
ok going to go to bed gn guys nice chatting with you!
bug at 100% where you noclip through a glowing wall
@flatlander nobody wants to listen to it anyway so idk why you're pushing this
imagine beating all the robtop levels at all ;-;
My next level should have a giant anime women as every background
hello daily )/
okay hi i have to go to bed rn. tysm for daily and 50cp aa aab a a q q anxnxkek1ns
wow found in the recent tab lol
i dont really have any tips just play a bunch and be like nice in the community there arent real tip
flatlander is annoying when advertising arguement over
i am farting right now, thoughts?
very nice
WHAT
Dubstep be like: (BFNG*)UJGI(JNHIFNIJHB DFOK<HBPL H:D>?H>E"TE<MTYOPINR*OUENYI KJHNIJJHIJPDOIZJHOIMOH
i am not grown up
there are no official requirements sorry 
anyone here have a life outside
DON'T SUBSCRIBE TO MOHAMMED JA'KALEM AL-ABDULA NOT APPROVED BY SEA1997 AND ROBTOP
WOW AMAZING!! one of the early comments ! ! ! feature!
i think he forget about sync
brown town (take me down to the place where i belong), yeah, poop
Like for Featured
Ooh that's very awesome
impressive level and congratulations on your first CP keep it up GG!! ;3
My Man Rainer Is Such An Underated Creator Pls Shars his levels With The World It Will Make Him Glad
npesta is making levels lol
help
Sync in the first part could use some work but otherwise this is defintely feature worthy :)
rate?
#197 on leaderboards
Not bad
Cool
quick recovery tech support
my pc cant handle this
cull
i like the backgrounds :)
Noice Ort :))
I LOVE IT!!!!!
Cool designs but Terrible gameplay
Congratulations for the first rate level =)
I'm shaking. :DDDDD
A pleasure to have helped you.
anyone else read that name as kowareta
GG On rate, but gameplay is atrocius.
GG! :) 39 Attempts! The first cp is always a great joy! Thanks for free User Coins! :')
Good work overall, you should improve your gameplay next time :) Send to mods.
Rz = Roltz (me ) .....el nivel era mio y lo complementaste , mal , pero ahi esta el ft jsjs ....sue
this gameplay isnt bad, its horrendously awfully horrific. how do u make gp this bad holy shit
fix the 10% transition (kills you if you go too high), and the orbs at ~50% are unsightreadable
Needs some more deco in places. Also needs to be a little more interesting and consistent.
LEST GOOOOO Felicidades por el featured murasan GG!
MURASAN RATE CHOOOOOOOOG
10,000 downloads, nice! :)
GG! Nice
also the level he "copied" is just a preview :)
GG Rate!
Nice design but generic, and gameplay unbalanced...
Password 133769... and GG!
Another modern level made in the 1.9 Private Server.
Just because you found a way to make the portals invisible w/out trigers doesnt make it a good idea
gg, 99k stars!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! uwu
not a 4 star
GG! 7700stars 1111user coins! :)
GG! :)
i love meganeko song.. nice level :)
g
Cool!
really good for 1.9
very nice :D GG
what is that?
:)
nice 6* tho
:) the ceo of beans.com
really good concept. was the dual necessary to make it? i feel like it would be better without dual
:) Nice
8K LETS GOOOOOOOOOOO
i cant see wtf
GG! 34,423 stars
daivrt when he goes 5 seconds without mentioning his relationship with split
ok furry
d'aaawwwww
wait a minute, today isn't valentines day
nice
Good :)
fuzzbutt
furry art reported
AAAAAAAAAA
thanks
monika is watching from the sidelines
if this gets daily i will scream and cry and scream
<3
OMG SPLIT LOOKS SOOO CUTE AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
omg bro,i hate fury so gros! JK :D
GG! tengo una relacion amor/odio con los furros,amor porque son adorables y odio por que me trauman
if y'all are gonna hate on a creator just because they're a furry you seriously have a sad life
fluffy furry furball 
custom orbs are unnecessary but otherwise it's quite fun
the furry levl
dear democrats, im going to eat a cheeseburger
smudged lookin
This is actually amazing, one of my new favorite demons easily
:O
GG! 1,120 attempts, unfortunate that poor balancing skews difficulty perceptions :(
wowow
link to the song is in the description of the verification video
The song is now on newgrounds! hf <3
not too bad ;)
L
whole notha level
OOOOOOOH MY GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
Pass is 1234
geometry dash blue
cool and fun demon!
I FLUKED FROM 49% AND THEN DIED AT THE TRIPLE SPIKE
can this just get rated already
this guy actually introduced me to windows 96's music, and thank god this guy did
For anyone confused, we got confirmation that whitegavriel is the real windows96.
best demon
marry me
ok i will
worth the waitin'
Cool
FOUND ON MAGIC
lets have babies
yeah the gameplay is shit. im just happy to finally release a collab with my bro swwft :)
rate eckstasy
This level is really cool! Gameplay isn't the best, but the design is very unique. Great job guys!
awesomee
yeah this is ass. im happy with a feature tho
nic level
93k stars and 21k ucoins
i think its too late for a rate, but who knows
holy shit thank you rob
balls mountain daily or you have no balls Rob
The difficulty balance is really bad, tho you added pointers on the ufo part and deco is great :)
why did you put the arcade cabinet in freddy fazbear's pizza
i wouldnt mind if rob deleted this honestly
Yeah im glad its featured too. but theres always next time NukeIIX!
Cool but feels very static
Fun!
robtop harus gercep ngerate nih level
rob please dont make us wait 5 more hours just for a new daily lol
password
well made!
For 6 hours its really nice!
wait what? anyway.. thanks rub :3
I would advise you to add more movement and why not a few more designs to fill in the blanks.
Title : Fast Movement      Level : Slow and chill
69% and 69 orbs. wow.
1 attempt
GG
really cool! i like the 3D parts a lot later on
esta muy bueno :D
Youtuber bang?
Messirve
woe jago banget si lu
Gercep Gerak Cepat :D
HELLLO
Im not even gonna ask what this is...
if this gets rated i will shit my pants
instructions unclear - house is now on fire
oh you preheated it alright
bet you've never seen a level built out of asparagus before
this isn't an art level, this IS art. also #JusticeForCauldronChild
425F = 318.333C
the first level made of asparagus to ever be rated, we make new strides every day
this level has reminded me of my child in my cauldron, cheers
The fall was very shallow
v He probably forgot to turn off his oven v
instructions unclear, ate child instead of asparagus
Eyes are eyes! Unless those eyes were the ones of Cthulhu
im dying
good luck breaking in i have a tuftylynx sentinel armed with explosives patrolling the perimeter
so you have not eaten in 45 days and the first thing you decide to eat is asparagus??? 
did child in cauldron just disappear or something at the end or am i blind
OH MY GOD I GOT MOD SORRY MOM I CANT TURN THE OVEN TO 425F FOR DINNER
the spikes should be legos
i have no question for this masterpiece
He died due to the coronavirus pandemic in April 2020.
Also this game was made as a tribute to John Conway, who is a creator of the Game of Life.
Fixed. You can change the screen width in the settings on my lvl.
this is insane
i dont really understand but cool
can you explain me how do you use your cursor i don't understand
why are you so underrated, it's unfair
this is freaking amazing!
comment flagged as spam
Theres a bug: the buttons doesnt work after I adjusted the screen, btw epic minigame as always.
I dont have enough brain cells to understand
Robert, are you serious? Do you really think this is only featured?
look how far our little square game has come
literally what all i could see was white screen for 5 minutes
This game is at another level tbh. no match to it
mad respect for how clean you made this too
WOWOWOW THIS IS SOOOO COOOL
Life has been recreated in GD, next is minecraft, fortnite, all of the new releases
Uh what were we supposed to do lol
i just covered the entire screen i didnt understand what was going on
i beat white women!!!
i wonder if i can get unmodded for this one
i love the taylor swift end art! such a nice touch <3
white woman extinction button
cant believe I beat white women....
god i hate white women
i love beating white women
i don't see how white women could ever recover after this grilling pasquinade
say the line, bart
its good music its
shoutout to my favorite white women, kr1t
I beat white women.           still can't beat this level though
Cant wait for the sequel
hey, at least if you ever rage at this level you can say "i f****ing hate white women"
White Women is oddly satisfying...~
I just beat 80% of Facebook
swag nuts
based
thank you heather for creating white women
my spirit animal is chipotle
please, do not say im cp grinder... it is not nice :(
this actually looks really nice lol
maybe he isnt making levels fast, but we're making levels slow. :/
dude its not geralds fault it takes u a year to make a level smh
how do i apply to join gerald
why are people getting angry about how fast he builds, it's his life, maybe he just has a lot OfTime
People be like: OMG THX RUB I FINALLY GOT MY FIRST CP AFTER 3 YEARS...... Geralbrown: Amatures
2 gerald levels in 24 hours. how
gearld
3.14159265358979323846264338327950288419716939
how do you inspire in someone. Like INSIDE????
frick im less than one hour early, im not supposed to be here 
youre all welcome for the coins☆
binging geralds levels is the all time best
Wow, this is recent.  GeraldBrown, I really love the different styles you use in each level.
cp grinder = false         simply talented = true
Also for those hating on Gerald, just let him vibe. He loves creating, and hes good at it.
gg 4 attempts 3 free coins a little too easy for 7 stars tbh
swear there has to be more than one person working on these levels :) how does he make them so fast.
why are there 3 free coins at the end lol
Are ya winning son?
Im not winning, Dad
This is a dollar tree version of fingerdash lol
what does the chicken say to the cow? bok bok, cmon dont be stupid chickens dont talk
wow my percent
D:
This guy LOVES making RobTop level remakes
Depish16 or DepRub :)
like si se parece a fingerdash
Like this commentin 1 second
fun
fun fact: if you like and refresh a comment at the same time, you can like it again!
I missed the old Depish! Now hes back
Sometimes its actually nice to have a level that feels like a geometry dash level, i like this level
NSFW = Never Safe From Waluigi. Anyone heard that before? :>
everyone asking for a gf, stfu your like 9
this level is fingerdash's son :D
Always happy to see something new from you even if it is a bit empty it is still feature worthy :)
I rebeat fingerdash today
its very repetive but i do like the color distributation
Woah you improved a lot since your last level! :D
Not a fan of visual as I think they could be more original, but pretty fun gameplay
GG All coins. For 1st coin: Fall down at 37%.
6000 downloads! Tysm Boys! :o
Just a lesson to all who play this, at the end press 3 times to win.
GG on feature man! 100th liker btw! :)
Finally, this got rated after 5 mods! GG my friend! :miscepog:
Huh...
7000 Downloads!!!! 
gg 10000 stars!
666 Likes...
momiji
Don't count your chickens...
EYYY GGG
literally the only advice i have is maybe a little too strong colors????? idk
Eye candy
meow
38.982eme stars, should be harder 6 :v
Dora sent it :eyes:
bongo cat
Tysm for the support >w<
incredibly well made, nice job :>
Awesome :)
Gameplay could be better, but cool overall!
There's a big chungus of a secret way by falling at around 40% at the robot, but this is dope
hi
Mecha this was the best 3 month anniversary ever >w<
pretty solid! hope you get your first cp with this :)
chicken techno
fun level good decoration!  gp 0/10 deco 0/10
Happy 4 year anniversary
Hi
Sent! :D
masterpiece. tremendous dub acquired, cant wait to see more from you
Epic ;)
cool :o
cool
big milky
Visually amazing =)
the pass is the obj count of the level :)
cool :)
nice! :)
gg
Yea ratededed
esa transicion del wave dual al ufo ;__;
Awesome 1.9 level, I love it! 89,000 stars :)
nice one!
good gameplay
Nice GG!
good
:3
finally rated!!!!
GG!
GG!
gg
good :)
:u
GG! :) 5 Attempts!
easy
GG, lovely! :)
Dominican Republic :D
you ve come up with an unrelated level name
ME GUSTOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
The colors could be better and some transitions, but the level is pretty decent
<3 :)
yes!!! finally!!! I wanted alot!!.                       jk
Cool but some part is a little bit messy . Maybe it need a theme ;)
I loved it :)
I should visit the magic tab more often!:)
GG, los colores podrian estar mejores, pero igual muy buen trabajo :D
@XxTypicalGDxX Cuz can't use on it
Pass and coins in my YT btw
Nice :3
COOL :DDD
Re piola
Excelente trabajo! :)
esta bien, aunque algunas transiciones son malas
you ve remembered that there are no apostrophes in level names anymore
lol very hard to see where to go >.>
=) Nice work
Great remake :)
This is sick. Not the biggest fan of the GP, but otherwise this is incredible
Wish you did a little more different from the orig, but nice remake overall, sent! (stars bc nong)
pass is 177013 like :)
Extremely well made! :D
youve updated this quite a bit since i first saw it, noice :]
GG! 275 attempts, very unfortunate luck but this is pretty cool :)
hey nexus, here before it gets rated, congrats tk <3
reminder that if you want the song with the correct offset, it's on my yt channel!
Absolutely incredible!
swag
despite the designs being a bit mediocre this is really sweet
2.2 is already here
Pass: 177013. Gimmie a like
AYY MY MOD PogU TK
absolutely sick
The designs feel a bit bland to me but the effects are outstanding! Great work :)
Guys the description has typo! It doesnt say first 2.1 level he meant first 2.2 level obviously!!
GG! :)
im so happy for u TK
...
no feature or star but like to have a 1% chance of having stars
peter the cool duck
quack quack, peter the cool duck looks like a snack
shake trigger abuse 
best        level         name         ever
THANK YOU ALL!!! I FEEL SO HAPPY!!!  :D
Mom: The foods not that hot       The food:
tip: dont abuse shake
umm.............. what da hell is this lolz
That is one cool duck. I wish my levels were as cool as this duck
LETS GOOOOOOOOOO
godly
Peter is a very cool duck.
do it a homework?! nahhhhhhhh i wanna be like Peter
                                                                                               quack
Peter is a cool duck. He has a bunch of friends. He has fun all the time. Be like Peter.
this should be rated
omg mirror portal in 2020 :o
Cool gameplay, cool effects, cool duck :)
THIS IS SO GOOD
THE BEST 1.9 LEVEL EVER MADE RATED WOOOO
nice
This is a lot better than 2.0 and 2.1 levels. This really deserves epic. 
Ayyyyyy thanks for the support guys :)
BEST LEVEL EVER
Secret way fixed
i really hope this gets rated now
when the heck this getting rated already
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
GG! :)
pass: 000000
GG! 248 attempts, this got a lot better as soon as I started listening to the song, great sync :)
This is INSANE DEMON
Best 1.9 level ever easily
super cool!
Nice :)
beautiful
If you encounter bugs and wish they were fixed, check my community post on YT and post them there...
LETS GOOOOOOO
insert a like to continue: 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 Thx for the like
lmao
i love  geometry dash so much
SECRET WAY YEAH BOYY
Insert Coin should ENTER some userCOINS, eh?
change yoshi to a coin
furst
GG :D MY FIRST ACHIEVEMENT OF THE NEW YEAR :) Happy new year to all :D
Beat it 14 times just 'cause it's fun :>... Plus I have no life ;_;
Welcome to Fakeland...
definetly one of my favorite demons! on a sad note, 92% i cri. one lik=one booty slap
rubrub if u dont feature this again i will become a toaster
GG :)
A demon a day keeps the doctor away.
The dual part sounds i liked them before :(
who remembers when this was one of the hardest demons 
mom get the camera i have 12percent
My favorite etzer's demon!!!! and 900 demons!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yay xd 2/2/2020 uwu
Udechile just copied this level
SECRET WAY
YES! I wasnt expecting this to get featured but glad it did! GG bro
Some sections look good, others look.. out of place.
GG ON FEATURE MIKAL THIS MAN IS ON A ROLL
Nice arts :)
que decoracion mas facil, prefiero la desing, esto ya no parece geometr dash
gg
actually fun to play ngl
GG! I love this <3
deberia ser 7*
gameplay is wierd, however that doesnt mean it is bad
h
gg
i think some parts can improve, like the gp and the transitions, but still its a good level, GJ
gg
GG!
nice, you should work a little on your gameplay though
GG :)
Fun
like :D
GG :)
Intriguing! :D
i really thought the title was related to geraldbrown smh
this level caused me to fail no nut november
insane
this level's transitions gave me cancer
what happend with the description
Looks cool, but the coloured portals and orbs really don't look nice
came from maxann, quality level with quality effects and concept
This level should be called early jump
GERALD.
3 attempts, really unique and fun
I AM IN TEAM NONAMED THIS LEVEL IS FOR ME TOO!!!
lol nice try
first part is a little lower in quality but awesome level
thanks for dedication :D
I liked the part when I died in the dark, very fun!
Que hermoso nivel, me encanto, es muy tranquilo y relajante :)
Awesome level
Nice
GG 5225 STARS!
i think this lvl actually has a chance to get rated?? like if agree
** keep your head out of the clouds **
123684 is pass ;) 
looks empty. gameplay is good. colors are alright at 22-44%. in other parts colors need work.
Wow! Too many objects :0
this deco is great! really chill vibes nice level :)
impressive
Nice job man :) proud of you for making it this far in your building. Really good man >:)))      <3
level standards just keep getting higher and thats why im never getting cp lol
Este niv me dejo una sensacion muy esponjosa, que reconfortante =)
why is the last BLUE portal at the end the robot 0_o
:o
sweet
Actually cool
Good level
bruh moment
gg
this is going to be daily
woooooooaaaaaaahhhhh
gg
nice level but there is a problem! the part from 0-100% is very bad! please fix!
started as some dumb vent level because im very negative but it turned out kinda alright actually
RobTop may not really like this song haha
thanks! dittoh
copy + paste
rub was like: ah s***, here we go again (with that song) xD
who got scared by the BEEP
GG!! In 1.20 Speed xD
the title does not lie
...
I don't like this lvl, the designs are basic and repetitive and the gameplay is boring
haha
<3
amazinggggggg
what
I really thought the spikes were just DECOR
>:)
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!! :)
HOW LONG IS THIS FLIPPING LEVEL??!?!?!!!???
GG :)
Stay determined ...
Thx robtop <3
not bad
Kanye West
gg light
Bien
Very nice colors and design! Send to mods :)
ez
WOOOOW 1000 LIKES thx everyone ;)
GG! :) Top 27
All your levels done!
hh
10.000eme stars... again :)
Genial ! Encore un nouveau feature on espere ^^
jaime le sang
gg
nice
gg
GG! 5.000 user coins :)
GG! :)
youre a legend dude, did so well with all of these, so glad something like this was the finale!
Please laugh
Robtop: *doesn't rate Peaceful because GD is a 3+ game* Also Robotop:
I love usbwoofer
Like if you noticed cartoon cat
I thought the thing in the background will run towards me any second.
:O
creepy song
so these creatures are being made by Trevor Henderson and you call these things "scps" i guess .
Mom Pick me up I'm scared
un final feliz :3
Like If You Know Dark Corners
a great final
they are not real they are just for video games and stuff like that.. spooky level tho
TroxxP1 is the winner of Blocktober, I'd say.
where's longhorse? :(
Amazing dude
This Is Very Creapy 
i know it was halloween but jesus christ
ok first acctually creepy second thanks for the nightmares third thanks for not including a jumpscar
GG Feat :D
pass:213354. me doing this so nobody has to go to video
i see a lot of aspects here are similar to those in my levels... even the song, hmmmm
1st coin 30% 2nd 74 3rd 97 :)
OMG! The level is on the daily. Thx <3
GUYS! GUESS WHAT! I FARTED! GG! 100% ON PRACTICE MODE! WITH EXTRA REVERB!                           
good, but needs a bit more color.
good to see that you didn't steal this time.
i just dont understand how people are so strongly against, you know, not catching a dangerous diseas
NSFW is TRASH
conchetumare me voy a suicidar
Does the president have the power to sell the country on Ebay
such a beautiful and fun map
magic section
burger every time i come here you're here. how many hours a day do you spend in chat
blue may be annoying but saying gay and trans people havent been oppressed is a flat out lie
gg !!!!:)
ass hair
Masks and beards go really well.                                                                 No.
if trump is able to pull off nevada then he'll win. his entire chances of winning depends on that st
baGGuette
why do people always have to be so negative...
Ok 20 cp and colorblind? Youre talented man
i didnt get a rate for all my career, but i dont care
aBTop uHBaJIud
wait a second,18 likes?!88downloads!?  Yee free likes
colour problems can not stop u squidely keep pushing forward we believe u :)
I'm a level, pog
HELLO? WHY ISNT THIS EPIC
GG :3
I really dont know how to describe this, but this level just feels like theres something off...
hate to span another post, but in particualar the gameplay is what feels the most off to me atleast
very good and idc if this comment gets dislikes.
36k stars!
Finally! :D
GG tho :)
GG easy
one attempt!!!
to the people saying bugs. no. i playtested on 60, 75, 144 and 240 hz and fixed all bugs
nice
jake from state farm
upcoming first rate! gl!
an ldm would be nice tho
ok
i love the design so far i just cant play due to my laptop being actual garbongo. keep it up!!!!!
the
oh my....... wow..Epic
if u believe in yourself u can do anything.. best sh*t i evet heard :,}
not bad!
probably rate, nice lvl bro ;)
GG
GG :3
btw make something better or im unfriending u lel
better than my featured levels tbh
cuanto glow con scale hack
how is this not rated
Amazing! I dont know what to say
CONGRATULATIONS MAN!!!!!!
GG secret way
my god...
                                                           girls
i love the part where it said                 girls
Gracias por la dedicacion Owo <3
Slow drop lmfao this level sucks
chicken nugget
wintter do be spittin some facts
la neta no encontre la 2da moneda
this legit just steals a bunch of maffakas stuff. not feature worthy imo
hudojestvenii film SPIZDILI
dedicated to girls
girls
re bueno hermano!
Cool Job :)
its very heartbreaking to see that a person that is kinda famous like winnter hates this guys level
bad
bruh moment this transition bruh
GG! :)
niceeeeeeee
Good level
:)
Impressive!
when ship mode is on drugs
By far one of the most unique levels you've done.
ngl the sync in this is so off i thought it used the newgrounds song and not shiver
por favor dime donde compras la droga
Passed Pepper360, I'm now top 4. GG! :)
j'ai rien compris
This is so unique! Maybe my favorite by you ;)
Encore un niveau clean, c'est excellent comment ce nouveau projet a bien tourne ! Bien joue mec
I am so happy that I got to see this level in progression! Thank you, it turned out to be amazing :D
i am so confused but also amazed
Didn't  understand the level until I watched the video..!! Nice Work!
what
i found in recent when i was a green user lol
bad gameplay
i am shaking in my boots
This hits so different with the original song
wtf is this disgusting mess
the effects are astonishing :0
Super unique et bien *mon cerveau est niquer par contre*
Im usually not a big fan of 1.9 levels, but clever ones like these are what make exceptions.
this was all done on 1.9? absolutely amazing. looks better than some levels today :)
I swear, nobody could tell this is 1.9 if it wasn't written in the desc. Absolutely wild.
this should definitely be epic
that was very unessessary bro
its impossible to figure out whats solid and what not
Honestly should be an epic for 1.9...
dislike:(
nicely done :)
i really like the design but the GP is weird. Overall Nice Level :)
very relaxing level and song,i am not rage.  \-GG-/
Like that unique block style :0
best 1.9 level ive ever seen
When this get 4 stars on the 1.9 GDPS but gets 6 stars on main servers 
Awesome as always!
definitely one of the best gdps levels ive seen, amazing work
Lindu
Awesome
ok robtop
75 likes only???
You have a lot of potential, this is really good!
umm this coin route is sick???
incredible attention to detail
keep creating u are getting good u will make the good
YO HOW IS THIS NOT EPIC
By far one of the coolest levels ive seen in months, youre gonna go far.
LETS GO PRESTA
this is so good!!!!!!!!!
PRESTA LETS GOOOOOO
For coin: Spam at the beginning.
47 downloads and already featured? wow
this is SO GOOD
extremely late but this is my second favorite level of all time awesome work
i just spam on opening part and..................WOW
This is one the coolest levels i've ever seen.
flowers never bloom because they bloom in ur dreams #dreamflower
This has to be one of, if not the best coin route in GD. Spam click at the start to active it.
I LOVE YOU PRESTA
next wulzy cool creator?
presta
super annoying gameplay. its like you tryed to make it unenjoyable
i found a good lvl in the recent tab THAT DOESNT HAPPEN EVERY DAY xD
"glicht"
some designs could be better but overall good job.
intentionally bad gameplay still counts as bad gameplay
If retro levels get popular again I'm burning my house down
not bad but really blind gameplay
I'd have more fun playing the actual Nine Circles.
very unfun gameplay.
gg 103 attempts 3 coins unpopular opinion: glitch levels are one of the worst trends, bad gameplay
GG 6000 STARS
gracias por la dedicacion :)
i feel like every harder and insane level is harder than most of easy demons
Unplayable gameplay, sry
finally
Work on gameplay...
I like the effects honestly, I think it could use some more decorations.
very fun
que ustedes sean algo mancos es diferente
GG First cps O.o
I hope it gonna be rated very soon! If you had a time please help me to send ID at Mods Req streams.
Pretty neat, although it's a bit empty overall. Fun gameplay and solid designs though.
1st coin: 11%     2nd coin: dont tap blue orb at 63%     3rd coin: free     (cost 1 like)
Pass: 190369
That's fun and very nice. On the other hand - the gameplay is too hard to sightread for a hard 5*.
OMG IM JUST SHAKING AND CRYING. THANKS ROB
In my opinion only cube at drop is harder than 5*, Dual too but it's easier than cube on drop.
I think It's easy Harder
this gameplay is really buggy :/
not bad. best parts are at 0-37%
GG! Free coins :)  enjoyable level!!
trash
invisible parts of gameplay, i hate you
GG All coins. Why did this feel like a 6 star?.
Did you even try to playtest the end?
Nice level,GG
hmmm
I really like the block design in the first wave! :)
ay this is cool
jk not fun
the mods always get top comments, like for a revolution ------->
if you dislike top comments to increase your chances of getting it yourself, you're pathetic
you think donald trump is poopin rn
this is really fun to play and the block design may be not the best but it's interesting. great job!
 me*sabatoges lights for an easy kill* everyone else at the sleepover:
if robtop removes the dislike button it will be because of the daily chat
i wore a fursuit to school today becaus    haloween
The Rainbow blocks are lit!!!
Really fun, not a fan of visuals though!
being 7 years old means to make a single straight fly and say its an "extreme demon"
ignore = normal person
if this comment gets 10 likes i will delete my account
Pass 456123
anyone wanna be my minecraft gf 
The skittles ad where the reggae guy milks a giraffe eating a rainbow:
I LOVE ONLINE SCHOOL BUT CORONA SHOULD DIE
back in the old days of GD we had something called sightreading.
dislike this if thiz should be 8 star -->
like to start a violent uprising in the middle east -------->
i am crazen
this level will get featured within a week mark my words
well done!
Like if your balls are on fire
Who else thinks thick wave trail is satisfying?
Oh top 11 on the leaderboards lol
Happy halloween! have a nice holiday! but covid19 made it worse then that sorry if its ruined :(
Although it's simple, I really enjoyed this level and think it looks really neat! Well done :D
m e d i u m   r a r e   c h i l d r e n
plankton and dr doofensmirtz collaberation level
I love ufo and spider part effects. nice lvl
i hate fortnite
Son, why is your right hand 3x more muscular than your left hand?
my  balls are traveling at 4X Geometry dash speed   this is crazy!!!
I have hope for all of you during this NNN. This month will be a tough one. Dont lose hope.
hey guys i am going to formulate an iq test with no idea what the hell im doing
its 11:24 PM so i still have 35 minites
Like if your name isnt Bob
who hates hexagon force 40%
Water isn't sentient though lmao, you're trying EVERYTHING
ok, heres a stupid comment: like if you are not a vegan
Got a blueshell for those who say first :)
omg!!!!, thanks rob <3
bruh actually, i found this in recent levels so.....
3.000.000 de orbes :)
weebs rise up
Muy otaku
Epico! Owo
Porfin lo que muchos an pedido Que hermoso que es vico :3
re bueno 
mm cute anime girls i like it already ;3
I LOVE IT! miss kobayashi's dragon maid, that nostalgic uwu.
lol. kobayashis dragon maid. nice
I love the Waifu uwu
es bellisimo lo mejor es q no da lag XD GG
here before feature. this is amazing!
wow 
Esperando el Featured :3...
OMG ANIM!!!!!!!!!!!!!E
GG's!
weebs are gonna love this :D, though i'm not nesesarily a weeb, i still do like this.
Will rate more later just added daily :)
why does robtop always get top comment? hes only the d e v e l o p e r   o f   t h e   g a m e
like if i hate extra jump pad in ship
OMG THANKS FOR DAILY ROB
guess im going to be a daily chatter today
Nice job! I love the originality of it
Maybe Robtop using a 2.2 icon, but we can't see it :0
Hey RobTop, wanna see me speedrun 2.2
stop disliking comments triggered 7 year old
And thus God said to the Israelites, 'deco is nice, but improve your gameplay. sent for feature :D'
its my birthday today
hi
flashback to when i peed
i don't think anyone who uses tiktok knows that this game exists
robtop: says something about what hes gonna do. the community: *100 likes per second*
Xyris is quitijg GD T_T...
this is NOT a hacked comment, you CANNOT like it infinite times..
like this comment and i will watch the emoji movie without taking breaks
I got 6969 stars today! Are you proud of me? :D 
racism is now illegal
Pretty good level, but omg why do people keep using this song, it's SO awful
Thank u so much Rob!!!
not bad for your first modern styled level :)
Better than fortnite.
esta muy bueno ^w^ aunq deberias intentar agregar algo mas de movimiento en los fondos, lo necesita
4 FRIENDS IN A ROW FEATURED? WHAT
nice level <3
empty 3rd parts, rly good tho
Dannycre!! 8)
Gracias por dedicarmelo bro owo
The deco is not bad at all, I like the use of colors, it would add more movements to the bgs.
Dancre De Venezuela :)
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
My Name Is Danny 
not bad, just painfully average. i feel like ive seen this level about 10 times already
Danny is my friend
GG! :)
So cool!
the block designs lack contrast
my friend is named danny
Transition to the drop is very empty. :/
:O
Some color combinations were strange but it was pretty fun and original overall. Great work!
Great comeback! Really like the designs & backgrounds. Gameplay could be better :)
Welcome back!
like if you hate school
cool
very good
Nice!
GG :) so fun <3
GG!!
Epico
Welcome back! (:
This was fun ^^ good gameplay and simple design
GG!
not bad. :)
really fun i just suck
YOOO YOURE BACK :D
lol i didnt get the coin xd
congrats! def deserves its feature!
THANK U SO MUCH ROB!! :D
Passed Shadow, I'm now top 3. GG! :)
No, I was in the greenhouse
Looks rlly nice! The last ship was a bit annoying but definetly deserves a featured :)
welcome to copy + paste purgatory. congrats on the featured tho
i was Scanning at medbay.
OMG YOU GOT CP!? CONGRATS, MAN!
39.187eme stars
gg
Congrats on feature man :D
nah man i was in electrical doing tasks
ITS PURPLE I SAW THEM KILL IN NAV
ok
So, I made an update to make the coins slightly visible. That should make it more fun to play! :)
gg featured bro!
Hey um is the imposter in navigation dom?
DUDE!!!! NO WAY!!!!!!!!!!! GG!!!!!!!
gg on cp
Asco de nivel
GG good level and coins =)
NO MAMES
it's really hard to complement a level when you do shit like this
Here before feature. :)
nobody likes the backwards portal
Final vacio pero igual el nivel esta epico :)
Felicidades por tu primer featured
who before rate ->
awesome ;)
70% is BROKEN! and why would you put a sudden last jump XD so many things wrong. I'm sorry XP
3 att died at 98, 14 att mobile i hate this a lot :>
THIS SONG IS SOOOO GOOD
Felicidades por tu primer featured hermano! :D
this is getting rate for sure
hola me yamo gael1122
wow very funny thanks a lot :))))))))))
this always happes to me :(
F
F
how much glow? yes.
nice bug
Ehhmm... This is one of the best works ive seen so far. Thank You for calling it this way. Keep on
nice
Amazing level. Work on transitions next time 
i think its lazy
:)
Finally its finished
Finally...
thanks for the opportunity :p   ths turned out amazing!
Love it :D good job bois
i like the deco
WHERE ARE THGE MODS
GG! really cool lvl :)
I loved the design and such, but I think the level was too inconsistent in terms of difficulty
ich fall vom glauben ab
its so laggy but this is among the most outstanding design levels in the game
nice decoration, bad gp
cool design, bad gameplay
Realmente genial :)
Congrats on finishing this :)
amazing deco and atmosphere but gp not good
minigame levels are harder than extreme demons IMO
Very cool game idea Maxyland!! Sent :)
welcome to Geometry dash 2.6
picadura de la cobra gay, si te pica te vuelves gay
240hz not recommended
EPIC 2 STARS??? Lmao! thanks dudes!! ily rob <3
@Waffl3X, that's because the snake needs to go with the grid.
like geometry dash dislike free fire
Nobody:             The Fat kid at mcdonalds:
If someone finds a bug, feel free to say it! Thanks <3     Remember use 60Hz!
wow, that was fast :0
Very cool, but controls feel a bit delayed at times
Like si amas a tu mama
mobile ads be like
Like this comment if you forgot you were playing geometry dash
this is brilliant, and how you manged to make this a gd level, its incredible
In hard mode, 20 = 1 coin, 25 = 2 coins, 30 = 3 coins
This probably took forever to make
robtop should be add a new difficulty called "minigame" difficulty
This should be rated normal
If you want to know the pass, just look the shapes in the first ball
i had to die there for the memes. im so sorry guys.
Very Impressive! :D
Pretty sure the password is 4863, based on the number of sides on the shapes. Clever! 8)
im on my way, im on my way, im on my way to eat your skin.
pass is 4863.. counts the sides of the shapes :)
"F" for the song:(
Epico como siempre <3
Not 2 stars but anyways its cool!:D
Mods where you at
the robot is a little bugged 
Once again you bring us an amazing level! This is truly phenomenal! Great job Jezzel!;)
like= lvl daily
Awesome level! :)
like if you think this lvl should be rated normal
noooooo the song :( it was so good :(
why ng bans random songs from time to time -_- 2020 is disappointing
GG 3 coins! this is epic...one of my favorite levels also i love it :)
WTF DO I DO HERE I CANT TAP THE OBJECTS
dude why the song not work :(
you have no real friends if you post among us codes in geometry dash
Pajama Day is Thursday at my school, 1,000 likes and I'll wear a fursuit
patched the secret way (but imagine needing one in a 6* level)
Had a lot of fun building in this <3
My teacher makes better jokes than most top comments
I like how among us suddenly became popular out of nowhere regardless of being out for over 2 years
discord > daily chat
Anime catgirls > Girl Furry
the only time when i want to bang with anime catgirls is with my ak-47
Hot take : among us is gonna fall the same way fall guys did
im just spamming refreash button waiting for people to talk
5 likes and i  commit eat tortilla chip vertically
guys i got dislike! ;-; im quitting changing all my icons to black :,( ;-; bye
i dont have any favorite bands or genres of music if the song is good then the song is good
If RobTop comments in your level, it's nothing surprising, RobTop can do anything like commom people
i think toe 5 sould be caled foot
i m g i n e   d e l e t i n g   d i s l i k e d   c o m m e n t s
i wanna quit if i get 7 likes
Worst official song is Stereo Madness
Yes it got daily. GG!
hope you enjoy the boss lol
21 attempts
how is this a demon xd
happy halloween :)
Awesome as always :]
fixed the annoying transition to the ship in the bossfight :)
pass to copy : 585858
idk why people think this is demon but uh nice
Thanks
i agree.  nemo  sy  LL   is indeed very cool.
why nemo wanna kill me xD?
ete sech
buscando a nemo
nice friend! :D
wouldnt be surprised if robtop made this daily
dude wtf the boss is a sniper
I had time to get to know the witch, she is very nice.
Impressive to see that bossfight levels with accurate arrows actually exist
Ome!!!
Looks like nemo stayed up past midnight again
The level is now 100% optimized enjoy :) also wtf rob thanks for epic my dude
Re Zero Reference?
Barusu.
Music 10/10 Level 10/10 well everything is 100/10 like if you agree 
I got all 6 mini coins and missed the actual coin ;_;
felix best girl there's basically no argument :/
@Dr0rgly Emilia best girl fight me >:D
should be daily
<3
ok ill stop xd , btw i optimized it a bit cuz i was bored XD
EMILIA FOREVER MF
re:zero intensifies
I love it!
..Felix is not best girl if he is a guy :0
ah yes good colour usage, somthing that phobos sadly doesn't have.
UwU
Emilia and Rem are best girl.. its just way to hard to choose one :/
IS THAT A FRICKING RE:ZERO REFERENCE?
Epic
nooooooooooo cerca ;c
how is this 100k objects
Gameplay's a bit repetitive, but it's understandable. Pretty sick design wise!
Its crazy how you can have these insane strobe pulses but still have the gameplay sight readable
JaYuFf *Jaw drops* AWOOGA 
You never disappoint me, very interesting and fun level. :robcool:
i think you accidentally added an extra 0 to the object count
sorry ladies, i only date almightwaves
dude your gp used to be really good but now it seems pretty lazy and buggy
Aww interesting level :)
you have now poorly ripped off speedballing in two whole levels
Sickkkkkkkkkkkkk
Really cool! 8)
I love getting flash banged
You're definitely Jayuff v2
played it at 1am, my eyes are complaining because of he pulses. Looks good tho ^^
like si buscaste de Partition :)
Pass is 621470
gotta love repetitive rhythmic gameplay!
this coudlve been made under 80k objects
I love the gameplay and the use of colors, amazing work :)
weird gameplay ngl
la prox intenta hacer un gp menos impredecible, el resto esta cool pos
another beautiful level ruin by cringe singing
would it really be that hard to make the gameplay visible?
not fun but gg
really bad gameplay...
GG EPIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
NO MANCHEN, YA MAS DE 2000 LIKES :0 Muchas gracias :'D
pass is: 326435 Have a Great Day :)
I don't like the trend of making overdecorated lvl with useless LDMs
this should be 6 stars
bueno el gameplay ta regular, pero esta piola! :)
This Level Blew my mind :D
touch,slide,dont touch,like this,hold XD
blinding lights- the weeknd
cant be the only one who hates the gameplay...
Too good lmao 
nice level
GG ON EPIC!
ok maybe i was a little harsh, the designs are cool and the gameplay isnt bad, its just hard to read
Boo! did i scare you?
Pop off Oscar
twitter
pogscar
So nice! Good work both of you :)
really nice stuff!! love the art :) 
Cool! :)
1 like if you think oscar its cute! :3
This is so good, the pixel arts are really well made and fun to play, ty for the dedication (: 
if you see this, God loves you!
Happy Early Halloween! <3
Nice! Good job :)
Pass: 076079 , like? uwu
my friend is named oscar
why on earth is this not epic
this is so cute
RERATED! Thank you so much Rob and Vip! <3
Well done, the scenarios are very well executed and the quality remains high throughout the level.
Happy Halloween!
oscar is super cute!
pulse
bruh i dont know whats deco and whats blocks
who has music off??
prawidlowy puls u osoby doroslej miesci sie w przedziale od 60 do 100 uderzen serca na minute
Claim your here before feature badge here ^
pass 526974 :)
Puls Patchimatora
coin 50%
Cool af
GG 1 COIN, 47 RANK LEADERBOARD
amazing gp i mean
the "Pulse" concept is take to much literally on this level TwT
"dedicated to gayuff"
really fun, but the last part got me. I had no reason to think those were blocks
star farming is boreing but levels like this make it more fun!
gracias a este nivel rompi mi teclado :)
I cannot see the ways!
Nivelazo
Very fun! Amazing job Texic :D
Ale szef!
Awesome style. Drop could have been a little more intense :D
This level is fire, I  LOVE the scythe transition, but I do feel that the drop was a bit slow. Cool!
DEPISH NOT ROBTOP STYLE YES!!!!!
levels that look like demons but aren't
u re main kayn :)
this looks like if a extreme demon got nerfed to 5*
gg jgl diff report Kayn
Awesome level, sent! :D
like this comment if u on mobile
As a Kayn player, approved.
My disappointment is immeasurable, and my day is ruined
HOT
I agree with Rob
kayns early game is as weak as the drop in this lvl
why is the predrop more intense than the drop itself
Not bad...
Very cool!
like if you are here by roptop comment
Jungle Diff gg ff15 go next
ages 10+
Simple and clean. :)
really cool thematic,nice improve
( - .-) { z z z...)
nice and clean :)
GG 4 attempts 1 coin
40k Diamonds :)
-. -
Z Z z z z
21:35 pm
nice , chill level. i like the gameplay and atmosphere
Good job ;)
i love this 
cool
fun and cool gg all coins
cool level i havent beat it yet im not very good at the game nice work :)
Yeeee
Super neat!
10/10
#2 this week, all coins
i go sleep and i love this level
thank you very much RobTop!
Could have been a really good level, just needs to be cleaner. and they sync could be better.
r o b t o p  F a c h a
Que verga con los mensajes del nivel JAJAJJAJAJA
Epic!
vengo del stream de robtop
like si bines por robtop
its not insane, its demon
Really messy, and the gameplay is strange, I like the colors, decent :)
bruh what is that wave part in the beginning
grande robtop
#RobtopFacha8)
I saw "pene" there lol
ooooooo, so haard, 3 days, 398 attempts, this is easy demon!! GG!
i hate the spam spider ship transitition
#RateObelisk
a lil messy but fun to play 
seems fine but it lacks lot's of things
FINALLY!!
Update:)
looks very rushed but I think Rob could feature this
Thanks for no epic, solo feature yes
Im sorry what?
those weird white things arent very enjoyable
?
bruh
I did not like that gameplay, rushed design... imo not the best level out there
what killed me?
antonio vivaldi be like
mi hermana toco la pantalla :(
Like if you used your spam skills at the beggining
HOW IS THIS EPIC HAHA
ugh
Who Else Died From The Background?
BRUH!
what the fck
Could be easy without this part being confusing.
GG
dying to nothing :)
what
BRO those last 3 spikes scared the living hell out of me
OMG thx for all <333333
GG 1-coin:20% box | 2-coin:48% down and then up | 3-coin:87% triggers. ;3
achivement earned: heart attack
awesome level, colors are nice, same for the decoration and the moves are really good! :)
Imagine if the last jump wasn't auto :flush:
Xarcotz....... Xanitz no entiendo que hay entre ustedes jejejeje
XD
esto tiene que ser epic, muy bien hecho me encanto =)
like if the last jump scared the crap out of you
Fun coin route triggers!
Me quedo sin aliento... COMO CARAJOS ME QUEDO SIN ALIENTO EN UN COMENTARIO? xD
Unique block design :)
es deverdad lo del final ? por que me asuste al ver esas tres espinas       xD
me di cuenta que es el block design del tutorial xd       666 :v
amigo me cage todo con el triple pincho al final :(
wow great job bro thats amazing :D
i poop when i see the last Jump
very cool
oh wow  :o
The drop is a W
super cute
Thanks :)
this song...
725 likes....... Gonna play modern warfare
HarrysS gave this man CP lets go
holy wow! this deserves to be featured!
Love it!!! Needs a little move movement but feat worthy!
congrats! First cp! c:
GG on your first cps. =)
Cloudfield and Reichuu (creators of the song) broke up. I'm sad, cool level anyways. Moonlight next
beutiful
really unoriginal
I expected more clouds. Awesome level though! :)
deserves to get featured
10000 Stars!!!!! :D
nice colours(;
cute
Congrats on feature :)
that funny how people don t have immagination for the name of the lvl.
i'll never make it past split in cp count )=<
You know it's a good 8* when you can 1 attempt it.
whos split and why is he 72
added a small ldm to the last cube because my phone is garbage
need to see this rated one day
annoying ending
aAaAaAaAaA
How the heck do you make levels so fast??
if i was a mod i could say "dirt" and i would get likes
Once again split is just fast at making levels and hes having fun. whats wrong with that
not funny pls dont laugh
toddlers make better gp than this 
i love this sm, dont like robot gp, rest is epic worthy imo :)))
i made it
Wait this isnt 8 stars....                  Nvm
congrats XD when you jump at start
ayo why they goin so heckin FaSt
GG!! 3att
why are the better split levels usually the ones that go unrated
ruined by robot part
Such a nice megacollab, I'll help to sent it
Pretty clean!
really cool, the theme was really consistent even though the styles are variated
pretty cool x)
YESSSSS GUYS THANK YOU SO MUCH QJAOIIJWIQHWKLAJES WE DID IT
cool :)
Aaroneljugon1 is below me :0
part zero orbnyA bikin garuk2 kepala
belastet is above me :0
crot crot
here from the recent tab before the feature
 
dope
anjayanto
belastet is below me :00
ggwp
@OutL1ght wtf no, wdym copy? ~m
partition is here right now!!!! omg!!
too mnay bugs with the bounce on platforms. also hi partition :D
love it
The predrop is ruined, but I liked the rest. Sent;)
GG! Stinky gameplay
Thanks for letting me to build in this! I hope it will get rated soon!
so many first cp rates GG
awesome level !!
Pretty unbalanced I must say.
bad gp at the end
34%bug
9000 stars
Buglo
GG nice level :)
nice decoration, but that gameplay read isnt on the point...
ok
Honestly, the gameplay is okay, but the transitions and the ending is annoying
Gg! Really nice job!
clean
GG! :)
gg
Ponle un mejor LDM
its nice alot of people r getting there first cp
no! you're going to  B R A Z I L
50 likes and my brother will quit fortnite
This looks really hot :O Nice work!
sorry i cant take video because of recording problem
I met an alien, he's really nice, he gave me his phone number.
idfc whats happening on planet earth. just enjoy creating lvls :D
EPIC AGAIN!!! Rob are you ok?
Like if you have commited tax fraud in 69 countries
ok but how is this featured over sedulous? Sedulous deserves to be at the top for at least 4 years
like for duck, dislike for duck, ignore for duck
very fun!
You sTole My NaMe >:(((( Nice level though man!
id rather go to brazil
so this is the prelude to the september area 51 raid, huh
Awesome level, but it concerns me that Rob was willing to top Sedulous with this level...
NIVELAZO AMIGO!!!!!
like this for absolutly nothing in return 
Nope your goin to L E G O   C I T Y
YOUR GOING TO BRAZIL!!
Thanks for dedication!
Nice stuff, some places could use a bit more bu overall decent job
Guys, i am legit shaking rn, thank you guys so much for the support
LETS GOOO AFTER 3 MONTS ITS FINALLY OUT
step right up folks to sketch s tickets, they grant you access before feature 
very good but you said its not a level but that cat (i think its you) says welcome to your level -.-
NO IM DREAMING
not a comment
Cute ghost :3
WTF THIS IS SICK
2.3 needs to have the ability to say hi back to ghost.
"welcome to my level" but i thiught it wasnt a level
what if it was a level
GG! :)
IF ROB WONT FEATURE THIS, I WILL PUT POSIONOUS SPIDERS ON HIS PANTS
like for this to be daily
did a mod send my level?
NICE LVL !!!
outstanding level!
GGGGGGGG ON UR FIRST FEATURE!!!
thx lol
Lmao 20/21 last rates were 0 cp creators, nice
If you're reading this, create a comment, click the info icon on the top left of the comment box....
congrats! Your level is rated by a gd robtop
i count 5 stars
lately I've been I've been losing sleep, dreaming about the things that we could be
For 3rd coin: Jump over the green orb at 71% to make it past the transition.
GG All coins. For 1st coin: Collect the keys at 2%, 5%, & 7% to unlock the coin at 8%.
For 3rd coin: Jump at the second arrow at 67% to land at the bottom platform to access the coin.
GG! :)
better then counting dollars
honestly one of my favourite lvls
beautiful
GG
gg
ryan tedder would be proud
38.388eme stars
Thats so amazing 10/10 im giving (because i love space)
:)
really clean :D
damn, great art :)
pass is 200018 like so others can see :)
Gg! thx for dedicating UwU, This Should be Epic worthy!
sick
epic as always 8)
Thank Robtop to give me first cp. I love u, I mean love Cocoa <3
H e r e  i s  y o u r  f u n e r a l
Nice
Amazing! Thanks for dedication :D
How Sweet <3
cool level :0
YO!
GG! :)
it's wonderful level!
i enjoy
Amazing :)
oooh... liked it
ok
congrats!!
GG!
hello
(A)                       N                        A                       L
am confused is this a layout or a new style of deco :()
dunno why i died here but its cool
Very interesting level, I liked.
There's colour bug, im sure the problem is gd, idk why that happen
@ethanagrybird Lol
Boys we did it, we hit 6666 Download
i was the 6666th download
Coin Impossible? NO, why did the title change from yes to no to yes again? click? what is thatlight?
Interesting coins
Really original. 
daite etomy yrovnu zvezdi
Hi, Im your new friend! Can I have your PlayStation?
anal.
beautiful;)
gg 12 attempts
@HippyBanana14 GG man
"Wait, it is not a layout?" "It always has been" [0-0  ]   --(-  _-)
really cool concept! i love levels like these :)
how does this nit even have 1000 likes, i like this level cause i e never seen this style before
The most important difficulty was that I needed mora than 1000 groups, so I had to re-use some.
You are the Bob Ross of geometry dash right now.
I like the way the art is being drawn in as you watch. :)
Sent :)
This is really cool! I wish there was more than one drawing, but I see you hit the group limit
you can use color triggers to do this infinitely, i recommend trying that next time :)
these are really cool, i hope you do more
Like if you love this art
bruh, 2 auto rates by the same person in 2 days.
wow this is sick! sent to mods!!!!!!!
If this doesnt get epic, I will commit orange juice toothbrush.
wait im playing geometry dash?
cool lvl and i have 3500 stars
amazing
Just Beautiful
imagine this guy joining a mega collab... he will use alll the groups and it wont be enough
Wow! I see you put a lot of effort into this =O
GG 1500 stars
Si
why does colon not like these levels
I feel Jonathan vibes and I love it
honestly insane work dude. its so epic to see you release something good after so long!
ahhh that dual is buggy
Cool level, but iv died to 39% at least 7 times... Please remove invisible pads......
gg
1,000,000 orbees in my friend's backyard
The dual sucks
btw you dont have to put the code in the description just make it free copy
this should be hard demon ;-;
Lmao Learn how to Spel
96% is extreme demon T^T
Fluked from 24% to 95%! HOW?
ooooh this is your first cp GG on that! :)
I can't with this buggy level anymore. I give up. Fix the bugs and I shall return.
dual is pure cancer argh
I refuse to use the secret way
FINALLY IM NOT EVEN HAPPY RN
This was fun.
like this comment if u like food
ae
what did i do
yeah the previous one was stolen and this is the original, nice
did he stop rating?
yay some cp creators
stop begging for rates. shut up.
200 IQ move by LemonTree to steal the level from a person with 19CP lol
really cool!
perfect effect
dedicating this completion to daily chat cause i have nothing else to say lmfao
sduw
GG!
I cant see where I'm going
that level was stolen tho
was the other one stolen?
Npasta
noiiioce
high quality
where is the star raring?
This song again lmao today gg
A lot of first cp's today. :))
Haven't enjoyed a modernistic level in a long time. The sync in the 3rd part is unbelievable.
i am sure you are tripping balls hom3boy
I think this will get rated but the name will keep it from getting rated
WHY IN THE MIDDLE OF CLASS DAMNIT XD
expect pauze to come here any minute and complain about the name
id say it is feature worthy tbh
This is absolutely insane. If this doesnt get rated because of the name, Im rioting.
GG for ur cp. You deserve it :)
@kr1r You're damn right I am, everyday 
Not bad, but a lot of parts were quite empty, and kinda some execution issues.
I'm tripping balls to the fact that this isn't epic.
nice to know ur trippin balls
EPIC!!! That name tho XD
WAIT I WAS WRONG IT DID GET RATED OMG XDDDDDDD
you said hold...
idk why the guy said hes bad at deco you're really good 8)
GG!
This is so epic
time for a 9 + 10 joke
F U C K I N G     E P I C
like if you like noob (me)
super fun  gameplay, but probably it'd be better as easy demon
Dude, fix the backwards slopes in the wave part :/
Good Level, but this no insane, this deserves Easy Demon :0
DanZmeN + DHaner Wedding!!!! when?
How do you miss so many inverted slopes?? This was poorly playtested
bad gameplay
i would rate easy demon
i give up 
inverted slopes at 44% wave, 70% part is unforgiving. Very unfun gameplay.
easy demon?
U Deserved it Congrats
Nice! =)
first cp go brrrr
:O PAWS!!!
WHAT IS HAPPENING I GOT THIS MY FIRST ATTEMPT
dude how is this not epic this looks sick 
Pass is: 177103! Like so others can see this!
Ngl there's a difference between inspiration and straight up idea theft. I see through it.
proud to be pinoy
stop improving this much >:(
Wow nice level! GG all 3 coins! (literally free)
Nice :)
Thanks a lot to the 2313th liker, i don't know who you are, but finally this level has more likes than Tsunami Circles :')
GG
GG! :)
when you
gg  very original style - awesome level (all coins :D ) ^.^
very nice level
Gg 3 coins, 922 coins
ggggggggg
I have uploaded the old version of this level on my second account LxDavoxL
GG! 3.7K Stars!
16.000 stars GG!!!
2 coins pog
robs rated 19 levels so far
Nice effect :D
First 1 Attempt GG ;)
all coins!
Nice
not bad, just try to work on the execution for next time :)
Nice :)
gg pour le feature bg !
imagine stealing a level smh. the guy who stole this is very smol brain.
OMG DUDE WHY IS THIS NOT RATED IM JUST GONNA SHOOT ROBTOP
F E A T U R E D
Not bad! :)
very cool level, good luck on the rating 8)
Not bad! It's a bit messy and empty sometimes.. Send to mods.
he doesnt deleted yet lmao
wowo
pour ceux qui demandent, oui c'est named comme le youtuber mdr j'avais pas d'idees
GG first victor! Really feature worthy :DD
GG! :)
@lucnev non mais stop c pas drole eft
(25.7k stars) Enjoyment: 7.5/10
so good lvl ^^
gg mec super
GG Both coins.
Ayy gg man your 2nd featured
NOICE !! Thanks to used my song !!! 
Not bad...
if microwaves go mmmm then vaporwaves go vvvvvvvvvvvvv
dankest memes and vaporwave
C'etait inattendu. GG a toi c:
its ok but no A E S T H E T I C
but where was the wave?
GG FINALLY. This is EASILY one of the worst levels I've played in a while.
Rutra must be happy right now...
oh i get it now gg :)
how does the dual work
AYYY GG RUTRA
good :) and cool song
I'm watching The Brady Bunch
)
GG! :)
GG 9k stars
GG! 14,500 user coins :)
niceee!
f
alika cut g
This has a nice concept, and I really like the flashback to an old core design! It was a bit empty..
You have some of the most interesting and unique gameplay I've ever seen
it's like a conclusion of the long creator journey. I also want to mention cool creative gameplay
old decoration style but good
GG! 329 attempts, some nice concepts but levels of this length still aren't really my thing :/
You really took this style on a whole new level with this one!  4 minutes of creative gp concepts!
insane!! :O
fire level
This level is incredible. It's so unique and well crafted, I respect how cool it is. GG! :)
this is the proof than you dont need a lot of glow and pulse trigger to make a good level with rate
This level is a 1.0 players wet dream
special
thanks
who else read that as alkali
im gonna beat this eventually
you are fuoing kidding me my heart is beating so fast 
First 2003devin insane demon and the second longest level I have beaten! :D
This is definitely better than all the glowy garbage levels that are overproduced
clap
thanks for letting me verify!
GG Juni :)
geometry dash
Like if you were on Junipers Verification stream
yoo it's finally out
col,d
juni needs more starbucks
Hi Kevin
i need my beanie
Finally...
Say hi to Kevin everyone
GG! 142 attempts :)
hi
whats the song that goes du du du, dududu, dududu, du du du dyu dyu dyudyu
meter dash
Really fun and beautiful looking level, glad I could build a part in this!
like if ur here before feature
Absolutely well done to everyone involved! :D
this level is so cool
Nice megacollab, I wish I hadn't been kicked but Zapper's part looks better than mine was
LMAO SOMEONE ACUALLY SAID ITS A COPY
chicken layup
16k stars yo
me when pocke
159 featured at last
GG!!
d
POCK
neat
good rainbow effect
this is 6*
#1 this week
7/10 gameplay isn't bad enough
GG!
GeraldBlue
wow
gg
Nice ;D
GG!
gG,)
Are we all happy now?
Reuploading doesnt really do much good anymore unless you make changes, but sent again anyway!
no clue how you found this again lev but thx lmao
yes rob, we are happy :)
sweet, I love the colors
AAAAAAAAAAAAAA
ROB WE'RE ALL HAPPY HAHAAAHHH
fresh by crashyy
fresh lvl
neat
Fun game: Take a shot for every second that this level is not featured
I really hope that this eventually gets rated
RobTop Must Clean his Glasses...
Split told me to do this
rob you cant keep ignoring this level
I hate. This level the
I hate. This level the
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Great designs, it changes quite alot tho but i like the modern theme, feature worthy!
CRASHYY CRASHYY CRASHYY CRASHYY CRASHYY CRASHYY CRASHYY CRASHYY CRASHYY CRASHYY CRASHYY CRASHYY CRAS
Nerfed Descent :pog: I love it :D
NORMALIZE EASY EXTREME DEMON REMAKES LIKE THESE!
Quick message I'd appreciate if you read https://pastebin.com/SGVWSeJu
#RateDifferentDescent
Finally, inner peace
digital era baybee
Changed Crescent when?
glad its back :)
GG! 41 attempts, I've probably played Digital Descent too much ;)
Hi, I'm Codex
GG on mobile! 160 attempts :)
GG
Poggers
Proof that levels dont have to be really hard to be fun, anyone else agree?
hfkk
#400.  1557 intentos, un 96% y feliz dia de las madres en Mexico     *-*
idfk
*farts audibly*
yes
helpegasus s part is the best part. he remade it so well done. the best lazerblitz remake ive seen.
It is absolutely crazy to see work of this quality from the 1.9 editor. Incredible job!
Great 1.9 level, unfortunately NONG :(
Come from Nexus? Great. Now shut up and play the level.
there is no secret way lol
inCREDIBLE
xia xio piao piao
yoooo
GG! 59 attempts, as amazing as this looks and plays, the difficulty spikes just aren't justified :/
copy pass is 111111, song download is on my youtube video
Very nice 1.9 level 
Great 1.9 level with BOFU2017's song
if this was made in 1.9 update,would be a revolutionary level.
please make balanced gameplay
next: brazilian modern thing
GG RATE
If people actually could make something like this in 1.9, where would we be now?
GG! :) 138 Attempts! Great level in 1.9 style, cool parts of the wave and the ending! Fun level!
love this, 84k stars :)
how is this not rated yet
pass: 111111
Hi
sent to Nikce
press alt+f4 for secret way .
Thanks everyone for support me! :')
Mods in the comments of a level named after them: allow me to introduce myself
GG 600,STARTS :D
1000 likes? UwU
by marrk
GG 1 attempt.
nicke: the offbrand nike
Bien merecido el featured
gg 2 atts
1 att :)
b r u h
NOICE
this is really keep creating
nike
pog
ayyy gg bro
GG 1 Att
my nuts just exploded
The repetition oddly fits  nicely, and the ambience was real nice! Well done!
good example of 2* level gameplay :)
"Her name is Anemone"
22.66 mb song wow
OMGOMGOMG!!!! I BEAT THIS IN 1 ATT!! WOW WOWOWOWOOW(lol)
Sent to Grizzley. :)
simple design amazing atmosphere, love it. this is what more levels should strive to be.
ANEMONE RATED   
ANEMONE RATED
gg 1 attempt
ANEMONE RATED
ANEMONE RATED
1 att 
whok else is orb grinding?
Dont look at my number
clean
How it feels to die at 96 percent :(
song got 22 megabytes O-O
13k stars :)
Very cool :)
Level editor made in level editor, we discovered 5th dimension boys!
if you wanna learn stuff like this join my discord server. i have a link to it in my profile.
This person will recreate super mario galaxy in 2.2 I swear.
Pass is: 2222  now where is my like  :)
Robtop:     hmm yes a new trigger mek block move!        Zejoant:      hmm yes ten million mek game
Me: Yay a new auto! Me when I see XL: *cries*
its kinda hard to add a ldm in levels like this.
we need evw to play this level
Creative concept and good execution! Sent :)
I have Super Mario Maker on Wii U and Super Mario Maker 2 on Switch lol
you managed to make an entire editor inside an editor. congradulations.
can i eat that loaf?
my mobile can't contain it's glory
so you have time to build things
its an auto lvl. why did it take 30 min
thx for 5k likes :)
very confusing and hard to control
how is it possible to die. nani xD. this is no longer an auto level
there appears a notification when you beat a challenge. did it appear for you?
dedicated to crazen :D
femboy floppa
geometry dash is a rhythm-based platformer game developed and published by robtop games. it was rele
trans rights are human rights
No Lives Matter
why
this is the future that liberals want
uploaded on halloween because the name is scary
I am officially a sensitive femboy fox
ceru please stop
My new favorite level is called Striped Thigh Highs and thats  perfectly fine with me
how is trans rigts politics yall are so mad
As a big fan of thigh highs I very much approve of this level. Quite fun aswell GG
trans rights really shouldn't have to be a political topic
get real☆
you can skip every orb in the first ship
transphobia is the comments secitons?? kinda cringe.
gotta admit though thats a pretty huge burger
my wife left me
i saw that trans rights secret :) hell yeah
did someone called me
DuCk go QUAK
Awesome! But its laggy, try add Uldm? Maybe
POG
please explain to me how the fck i was supposed to predict that
definitely the best out of the 4
the LDM is defective
wheres the duck?
laaaaag
3 TO GO ROB rate the other 3 
GG!
love the block design, especially in the first ship
Squads with ItsXz, JustJohn, and Virydian
beautiful
whats the trick to making your duck look so hot? makeup? 
amazingggg lvl 0_0
Awesome   :)
this is the 3rd one
Weird how drop is completely free compared to the predrop. 
GG
OMG thanks everybody. I dedicate this achievement to all my friends. :)
The colours don't really sit well with me. Some structures are a little weird but a good start!
GG 99k stars! We're so close now ;)
Wow nice
I hate my life.
first part gives me good vibes
Es increible como pasa el tiempo y ahora eres mod, felicidades amigo 
For 2nd coin: Tap twice at 21% to unlock the coin at 67%. For 3rd coin: Fall down at 14% for a key.
New rates? Rob, are you okay?
gg all coins top 51,pass 001989,like?
Thank you for 1000 likes. :D
god
GG
Coins are on my YT channel, you can check how to get the triggers there. :9
GG!
nice level bro
cool, too much glow imo
if this gets top i will be muscly iron man for halloween
EPIC
UwU
viprin wanted to verify this because he thought this was going to be on his account and wanted cp
awesome
93 attempts. 1002nd demon. This level is very unoptimized. Especially the part at about 20-35%
pass is 159753, epic level
Not bad :)
I beat it
Pretty fun level! The dual is the only thing that makes it demon though lol
THIS WAS A HARD DEMON :(((((
yoy
this will get featured mark my words...
its difficulty balance sucks
dislike me all you want but I still stand by my opinion that this is an easy demon.
worst dual ever
fluked from 40%. 325 attempts. GG!
GG ;) 50 Attempts ;)
this is a good level however, the gameplay 16-47 is trash (this is just my opinion)
gg
GG! The Beginning is harder than the rest of the level and the dual is weird
pooh
the robot and the ball dual had the worst timing in the level
Thank you all for the support <3 Scary Halloween!!!
Niceeee!! the gameplay kinda unreadable.
Like If Here Before Feature
feature worthy for sure!
Awesome gameplay, the first cut scene is way too long though. Still pretty cool!
Spooky Leyak
i found this in recent it deserves a rate :)
Btw go check out Asrium. He has kept me motivated!
POTITO YOU GOT FETURED!!!! IM SO HAPPY!
This would probably be easy demon if it weren't for 10%-27%
rate 9 stars, guys
Thanks for gave us this amazing level
ayyy congrats
This Has To Get Epic
Cool And Fun, im like this :)
lol i've seen it in the recent tab, congrats
Tbh im pretty sure rob is just waiting till halloween to rate this
ayy it got rated, congrats
scary fail
sent to mods!
I like it a lot, really fun Halloween themed level :)
Hola Mortlex un saludo para la familia
great level, would actually be a cool daily on 31st October :)
the song terrifies me
are you kidding
Dis is da best insane rated level EVER!!!!
Intriguing... 
Nice thematic, some parts feel kinda saturated. :) but cool
Lol
that last coin hurts lol
Pass is 591208 Like this comment so everyone knows
Pass is 591208
yaaaa
it was harder now its insane LOL
maybe 1st cp demon rates those are cool
The ghost at wave part is so funny ngl
The song is scary
hello opta :)
lol
like this comment for rate plis
good deco, horrendous gameplay
deco is fine but weird gameplay choices
Bad gameplay
first spike is darker than my soul
Really horrible gameplay, cool deco though.
terrible gameplay but beautiful deco 
black jump pad? bad gameplay too a little who agrees?
this is 9*
Perdon pero el gameplay esta malisimo :cc, sobre todo el principio, pon los pinchos mas visibles =(
bad gameplay
blind jumps,transitions and gameplay is pooooo
this gameplay is bad
83 attempts. Crap gameplay
This level has good deco but has terrible gameplay. Please fix your hidden objects and transitions:(
Ochen kruto)
delete first two spikes
bad transition 1%
like if you died at the first spike
i want to vomit
how am i supposed to beat this when i cant see where the hell im going
Thos is slick. Well done to everyone involved! ^^
Getting bored of playing this lvl? Try to find ALL the ways to pass my part :)
Well done :)
A life of a quarantined man in the summer
again. the title is not a spelling mistake. its Summer + Quarantine = Summertine
members: Me, ilikethecheeeez, aerid, zidane24, ardolf and airilGD. additional members: ismail xyle
...
Sorry for not adding hard coin route in my part btw :pensive:
Ardolfs part is so amazing bruh nice layout
OMG YES GG! im so glad to be a part of this collab :D even tho its late atleast its done so lol :)
like this if you miss summer :(
nice
after months of hard work (3 months and a half to be exact) its finally done! enjoy :)
thanks a lot you guys :)) , also how are you. power cut out for literally 4 hours here lol
Deserves epic
Where is the epic?
like if you not bored in your house cuz of playing GD
creative ending lol
Yo that end art was sick! How is this not epic???
I like Ardolf's part
me gustaria ver que le pongas mas esfuerzo a tus niveles que solo 4 dias :(
hmm...
3rd time im commenting this, as the creator keeps deleting it, but the second effect is stolen
ALFIN LO TENGO!!!
The second effect is stolen from Motivation by RockWizard5. I see a lot of other stolen aspects also
Donde esta bitz
GG Rate, Te lo mereces Vtr :)
nada mal, espero el featured.
Que buen nivel!
cool
Muy bueno, Gracias por la dedicacion :)
Gg!! ahora solo falta que le den rate al original
No me gusta el gameplay.
me ganaste xD, felicidades por tu primer ft GG! <3
momento 3 fps x'd
Congrats on the feature!! xDDD
ive lost feeling in my fingers atm, its cold and im at the train station
Unique Gameplay
Se viene el featured :3
uf grx por la dedicacion no te rindas. 8)
ik the name is a joke but the "your" is messing with me so hard lol
the ambience is pretty neat but the designs are super copy pasted its so repetitive :/
LMFAO DID HE ACTUALLY RATE THIS ON STREAM
COIN: Go up at 7%. There is a key there. At the dash orb, flip gravity THEN hit the dash orb.
Yo I got a triple bogey, thats pretty good? right bro?
the "your" is intentional
The ambiance is cool but the problem is that the design is everytime the same, it needs variations
how are you supposed to get da coin
this is a joke level about wii sports resort storm island golf lol
gg 10,320 attempts
there's literally a video on my youtube showing you how to get the coin
Coin Guide: Go up at 7%, then before the dash orb switch gravity then hold. Like so others see! 1/1
hardest coin of my life
wtf the song , 22 MB?
thanks you too
please for the love of god stop commenting "you're*". the misspelling is intentional as a joke.
How to get coin: Tap before blue jump pad to get key, hit blue pad then down right before dash orb
pass: 000080
50K DOWNLOADS!!!! Thank you all so much!!! <3
i dont play golf
song say bad word now i cri
Clean!
Nice comeback! :)
welcome back bb
Worship and Prayer
wtf are these lyrics
what a nice transition
Sevend deadly sins?? \)
bug
Seven deadly sins :)
atlesst u guys are getting friendzoned, nobody even wants to be my friend lmao
super epic :)
@RedAlarm you'll see...
my brain commited suicide 
The seven deadly sins
I love the song and the level, gg
finally, inner peace
i hate that damm spike
yeaaa
The name reminds me of the seven deadly sins
petition to delete tiktok ------------>
awesome designs, tho ending feels a lil rushed but overall nice level :)
See y'all when this is rated lol
claim your here before featured here
This transition is horrendous
interesting level, the gameplay could be better, espacially the transitions.
personally im not a fan of this. im a whole air conditioner of this .
I like music :)
Feels messy but otherwise not bad
get rated! well done
es lo mas hermoso que he visto sigue asi hermano <3
wow this level is awesome
lag
how i get the second coin ?
hermosooo
neat ideas its jsut a little messy at times
Gotta love music themed lvls <3
I'm here and it's rated now B)
A bit ugly but nice :)
A bit to messy for my liking, but I'll send it :)
GG on mobile :)
Awesome level, loving the designs and clear effort put into it, sent :)
Like it you didnt comment before me
Pass Is 002580 Thanks =)
bro I hate myself, look at the name of the level and then look at the song name
lovely
1 like=60 slap my face
GG! 15 attempts :)
The further into the level you go the better it gets! ^^
like if u found this before featured :D
I dreamed that i beat this, it was pretty fantastic ;)
Dont celebrate early
GG! :)
really fun level
60 attempts, THE EASIEST HARD DEMON IN THE GAME
So fantastic
Thanks for using this song
Very VERY good gameplay, not a lot of bugs, pretty solid. GG!
YES!  I fluked from 51% This level is so fun :D
recommended for starters who are looking for easier hard demons
isnt this just the original with glow
Nice! But a true remake would use different gameplay, This is a redeco.
i am a diniosaur :)...
cool level, nothing special but still feature worthy.
lol bassically if dinosaur was over decorated
Waaaaaay too similar to the original
remember kids, this is what happens when you dump glitter glue on someone's proudest achievment!
If dinosaur caught the glow virus
i like the original
doesn't really feel like a remake, it's just the original but with unnecessary glow
Thats it?...Only Glow and some bg dec and 1 Free CP?! Man...i hope i could get that too
Who else just loves how its called Dinosaur Remake?
be creative next time
its the same level  but with glow spam 0/10
creative name
Wow this is awesome :0
me gustaba mas el original.
Good and energetic! I would like more movements tho! Nice job! :)
like this if u a mobile player :D
i wish i could copy a level and get a featured
NO WAY, THANKS RUB!
actually very cool! hope you get your first CPs soon :)
para
berNAPAS
Amazing designs the gameplay could be more interresting but it is not bad ;) great level!!
cool
Neat
i reported the stolen one by zeninthGD hopefully this situation will be over
gg 1 att, really fun and looks slick af :)
fun
congrats!! 
gg, sekarang bagi goceng :D
OMG! GG om your first cp my friend! You did it!
ijul mana
4,000 stars. GG, very fun and well-decorated level. :D
very fun
Gg pitur :v awokawok
1st cp c:
pwo
t h i s i s n t e p i c w h y r o b
iF tHiS dOsEnT gEt RaTeD i WiLl EaT a PiG
Thanks again for the collab with you, it looks so colourful and nice!
yay!! Thank you for another feature ^^
cool <3
why didnt this get epic?
I hope, the rating is a joke, because this is more than Harder rating...
Harder my ass
me waiting for daily be like
The first half sucks...
Rob I think you missed the fire button on the rating
like this if you think the beginning ball part is the hardest part
absolutely stunning designs >=)
GG Cool Desing :)
2 attempts. Amazing level! WOW
congrats!
2 creators with cat in there name make a level which has cat in its name. >w<
Sorry about secret way it's fixed now ^^"
This level is soooooo good!!! Just make the orbs more visible
why do the orbs look like the gear thingies that kill you
nice level, maybe too much glowy but still good :)
Special thanks to the people that's helped me in terms of GD/on personal terms as a friend <33
Impressive Remake of Reincarnation
Very impressive.
uhm excuse me rob i'm pretty sure this should have been epic ^^
Bruh quote from the description is from Bruce Lee 
Beautiful level  UwU
the blur effect is amazing
oh hey its epic now
Amazing remake. this is easily one of the best easy demons in a while :D
calambre en la pija
Rob, where is epic?
yea rob defo didnt play this the whole way through lol
A 6 star revamped into a hard demon. Soemthing is wrong, I can feel it.
my 300th demon, I really like this
43 attempts. #1013
extremely fun omggg
congrats on being the 666th easy demon
GG! 17 attempts :)
wtf is that ball part? can't see crap
i guess you could say its a reincarnation of reincarnation
sent to rob, will be rated in a few minutes
Like if you saw Rob give stars on stresm lol
OH. MY. GOD.
Like if you come from robtop stream 
Deco is unpolished but its really unique, fun to play aswell
I love the song! <3
robtop estubo aqui xD
GG! :) 8 Attempts!
Who comes from Robby? :)
GG I wish more rated insanes were like this :).
RUB RUB :)
oh boy will this become an overused song
cancion fantasTICA^^!
xd
na mas supe de este nivel por el video de guitar XD. pero la cancion piola :)
GG
Robtop :v el directo qie hizo 
0_o
10k Pog moment
rub rub stream nice
OMG THXXXXXXXXX!!!!!!   ;3;
Cool! kinda empty in some parts, the block design its quite simple :). But I like your improve here
Im glad that like if comments are pretty much dead
Well made, but some parts are empty.
el mejor nivel UvU
hermoso OwO
Pass is 357198 :)
First CP? GG
no em lo dedico :'v
creator-physical-education is pumping levels out
Lol!! Bonito Nivel :0
kewl
GGGGGGG ROMAN JSKDIOWKXOOKWOWELW
900,000 orbs, GG! :)
ta bueno uwu
Niceeeeee level bro, im scared :0 
I wish the amount of sends a level has actually mattered
se acerca el FT OWOWO
pretty nice
Nice lvl! uwu
[COMMENT]
[HMM YES THE LEVEL HERE IS MADE OUT OF LEVEL]
[ANOTHER COMMENT]
[ANOTHER ANOTHER COMMENT]
[FART]
[BUTT]
[WALUIGI]
[REDACTED]
[IDK WHAT TO COMENT SO IMAGINE I SAID  SOMETHING FUNNY]
[ANOTHER ANOTHER ANOTHER ANOTHER COMMENT, BTW NICE LEVEL]
[BURGER]
[FISH]
(MY KEYBOARD DOESN'T WORK ANYMORE SO I HAVE TO USE THIS)
[NICE WORK]
[BIT STATIC BUT AMAZING CONCEPT!!]
[INSERT FUNNY JOKE]
[FARMER]
[UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE PATIENTS FORGET TO DUAL RUSSIAN PIRATES]
[BLOCK] [SPIKE] [ORB]
[ANOTHER ANOTHER ANOTHER ANOTHER ANOTHER ANOTHER ANOTHER ANOTHER ANOTHER ANOTHER ANOTHER COMMENT]
cool!
robtoppppppppp!
i drink food and eat water
P A D S
like if you came here from RobTop's "SECRET" Live stream ( I AM )
OMFG THIS IS AMAZING great job :D
like the comments
is it just me or did this deserve epic?
nice and spoopy, epic gamer moment
Pass: 006411
Not bad of all, just this looks really messy, and work more in the gameplay.
robtop verified this level in twitch
make a sequel called tidepods - every 9 year old in the comment section
this level made me commit no eyes
lol robtop played this
could have been epic if robtop wasn't mad
Nice atmosphere i like it! Sent!
Like si vienes por robtop
gg 44 attempts
"then he puts a spike..."
Nice level again! :)
Among us players when their task is to be funny
i swear the daily levels be feeling like daily demons.
Red Bull gives me explosive diarrhea.
 Cat Pee can be abbreviated to CP, also known as Creator Points. That level was a ploy to see how l
* farts so loud the world explodes from my huge fart*
plac,e orb in ship section 
why are they banning race ism. :/ cant play mario kart -_-
pov: you tried to find the level EVW verified
Betelgeuse: Oh yeah! You said my name!
5 likes and ill make out with my dad.
like this comment if you kidnap girls cause i dont
Fun fact: The L in luigi's hat stands for "Legend"
whats the worst that could happen if i dont join? naked men?
Betelgeuse Is My Favorite Star :D
How is everyone doing today?
3 likes and i have to use the USSR icon for 1 month (dripsture pack)
when i was very little, i used to eat "mayo sandwiches"           exactly what they sound like
i wish i lived there it really stinks 
KAGE IS A NOOB HE SHOULD UNINSTALL GEOMETRY DASH AND HE IS FAT WITH A SMELLY MOM
to the many people commenting about me: i didnt even send this lol
nor was the level ever requested to me
spkale
good level 
5* feature imo
more like Spkale
the worst part is that this is actually daily worthy
omg! nice! like!
Love It :)
Nice collab:)
Beautiful & lovely lvl! Was so much fun to play! Thanks a million! Love, yours truly, P0SITIV3 GG!<3
to be honest i really like this level, it looks amazing
i just had to do that
p.s this level is not about spkale, no one wants to make a level about him
nice!
462 stars gg
gg
Nice, but lag levl. 13 att.
a
@Achrotone lemme just rename my level to spkale brb
Nice gameplay :))
too reperitive but GG on CP
xxpibasxx
gameplay is really unsightreadable
Rob keep rating first cp, those are the ones that truly matter
Interesting
BENNYBOI35 By Xoroz wen doe ._.
I doubt someone cares but I recently beated 60 demons :)
GG 9 stars
Great GP, first 30% were a bit boring though. 
meirda
i have a request for someones 1st cp but i dont want dislikes so i wont say it
The beginning is so boring
So theres this mc called ripple by gam3rkn4ght750 and more and seeing it rated would be epic
 bruh the first 30% is a ship
Lag
58% auto doesnt work properly.
gg 96 attempts very annoying first part
:0
fun world
Rob when he rates (like a chad) on stream
if it gets epic rated im gonna scream so hard- it will feel so unreal.
like if you come for the robtop streaming :D
rated on stream lmao
I LOVE THIS! Thanks so much for the dedication! =^D
64666555 nice ID Lmao
The level is suppose to be calm and not have a drop. also the drop is hard to make gameplay with.
petition for epic rate        ^^^
Oh yeh i forgot. if you wanna see the mess in the editor, pass is 242969 :P
thanks for the dedication <3
RobTop estuvo aqui!
2.2 is coming closer and closer <3
@Raytrace L  O  W   D  E  T  A  I  L   M  O  D  E
I JUST SAW ROBTOP RATE THIS POG POG
Comments like "trash" get deleted. give actuall constructive critisism please. "trash" doesnt help
Last time a level was this original Danzmen was still a mod
Like if you're here because you saw RobTop rate this level :)
Im 144hz lmfao, its not impossible. 
gg! 15K stars! thank you :D
amazing level, great job passy :)
Sick :)
You dont know how happy I am to see a gameplay based auto again, love it!
its october
Awesome
prety
Love the aesthetic!
frickin nice m,amn
I have a birthday on November 29
salad
gg ez 1 att lets gooo
lets go
Falling down...
finally a normal auto
awesome gameplay auto! nicely done:)
This was so damn relaxing
Nice auto level :)
EPIC! EPIC!! EPIC!!!!!!!
112020 pass
When viprin comments you know its getting rated
I have a feeling i should thank you for this :))) It was a great experience 
the ID was so close to being so perfect...
6464646464646464646464646464646464646464646464646464...63 Kappa
Hard demon is the default rating so we'll just wait to see it go to easy.
The meaning of life is the ID.
That ID hurts my soul.
GG! 6 attempts :)
jazzy jack64646463
i feel so sorry for you
its stressing when u can't reach one of the rarest ID, but...: 646464"63"... lol
everyone's talking about the ID but no one's mentioning how much the song slaps
the  code for copy is 646464
whos GSMoffer
The ID...it was so close to perfection...
64% on Jazzy Jack64 lol
i got it lol im sorry 
the timing at 7% sucks so much
Thanks :D
134 attempts (+ 3 coins). #1230
why is this level so perfect. all 64 predicted
HAHAH MY PERCENTAGE
Hope to see you nab your first cp soon fella
"you can slide!" they said, "no you can't!" my wave said
Thanks! Nice remake, you deserve your first cp
cubic you promise not to use cp ufo when this is rated
alot of the transitions could be less sudden, but overall pretty nice!
who else was confused when they saw the beginning at the end
Also I got schoolwork so I cant come back to this for the rest of the day :)
I updated some of the gameplay so hopefully the 96 bug doesnt happen. also added a slight endscreen
bad transitions
bad gameplay/ transitions
awesome. if all the bugs are fixed this could get featured
GG:) 136.000 Stars! Great level btw, just some transitions should be less sudden, anyway gj overall!
why so few likes? this is great level
nice work! very interesting concepts and color usage :)
has some similar ideas to khaki. i like it
GG!!! 48 attempts!
GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGSGGSGGEGGGDGGDGHRHRDJDJJEJJXHBDHRHHEHHDHBDHEHYXYYDHEHUSUZUU
very fun
GG!
Sir, I think you may be getting your first cp today
e
Watch a mod get top comment for saying 'e'
why are the orbs in your levels so big
haha I verify
I swear to god if anyone says Magma Bound...
Pass is 009301 like pls :)
Love it :D
wAs THaT tHE bItE Of 87??
The spider is really buggy, literally you click in the air and it teleports
Cool level hallowen OwO
spooky bound
e
i saw this on recents and now its featured :))))
ookay
magma bounds little brother
Very spooky ::
Why are your halloween levels so good yo
cool
FERNANFLOO SE MERECE EPIC
You never disappoint me with your levels. GG on 50 cp and have a happy Halloween, Alex! :)
I would love to see you add more color, but other than that, this is very cool and fun. :)
-though, since it tends to stand out. More contrast/glow in the block deco would also be nice.
Pretty good! Fun gameplay and good deco. I would recommend not using pure white on your blocks-
nobody cares that your here before rating
love it
my phone is crashed in the last part....but i like your level :p
Beat 30 att, this level have very good bossfight :)
GGGG :D Awesome!
Este nivel se merece sus 8 estrellas ;)
WOW!!! NEW BEST!!!
password: 123580
this should have gotten epic, the only reason it didnt was due to not having excess glow effect
Dude that sync at the very end is so good haha. Beautiful level though ^-^
gg pretty fun bossfight
like if you came from valorant or music factory
old boom kitty
Good bgs and deco, just the bossfights part doesn't convince me, and don't wear a lot of white.
Update: Fixed the secret way.
gg
well your dream is coming true
Hi
when i saw that amazing deco i tought this was an extreme demon. great job
neat
Glad to be apart of this!
the only thing missing are the mushrooms haha
good
well themed, fun, and sightreadable. awesome level :)
LETS GOOOOOOOO
Glad to be part of this level! My part is at 64 - 75%
hey overgrowth i beat u
this is very good, some parts are a bit messy tho, however you nailed the theming and gameplay.
robtop stream pog
Amazing collab, nice job! :)
the golden
Good job! :)
Sent!
GG! :)
came from rubrub's secret stream
gg on rob rate on stream!
This would look great as a demon
Guys i have a cute story. Im trying to do work but my cat is sitting on my papers. Like for my cat 
Very useless that final pad.
basically just a 1.9 level with moving objects
It is a copied level but it was copied with permission
I am speechless... <3
I saw some complaints saying this was straight up copied. Please read the description, thank you.
Did you know the lines in the gay flag are straight?
Ah man, robs done rating
*bends over and takes a massive fing shit that fills the entire room*
mehoy minoy
can elder mods at least show themself? its like they have anxiety
kidzbop is trash
If I ever disappear one day, I just want to thank you guys in advance for making me smile
join among us: LGBTQ
first ladies are impossible because 1) no girl plays GD and 2) GD players never marry
2020 sucks
excellent level
get this to top  commend for free xbox seres x !!
pooping and fartring like if you agree
Ok if this gets 4 likes I will tell my age
started 3 years ago, apologies for garbage
dear noclippers: get the hell off my leaderboard
apologies again for the gameplay, was made 3 years apart
pass: 101620 like this so others can see
Last 20% are very unbalanced and annoying. Took me way too long GG
just because it was made 3 years ago does NOT mean you couldn't fix it up ;)
Well done!
321 att just in case of the end which is hard to understand for an easy demon :/
72 attempts. reminder that the level being old is NOT an excuse to not fix the gameplay.
100 attempts. #1043
some parts are fun but it gets pretty annoying at the drop
Demon 1646! =GG=
GG! 110 attempts, unbalanced and annoying level :(
ABSOLUTA COCHINADA ABURRIDA
GG, medium demon because of the second half I think :)
not an ez demon. medium ofc and i very like itttt
really hard and unreadable gameplay. didnt enjoy this level at all. medium demon
luminant NOW
77%-100% is hard demon
GG Awesome demon but too hard for easy demon. 238 attempts
damn boi, DAMN BOI
Amazing :)
This is the Definition of Effect level
HOT
Long as people RECOGNIZE, idc bout Rob's validation. I don't stress about this, yall shouldnt either
this powerpoint presentation looks phenomenal
Pass is 567656 for those wondering
Swag
Why is this not epic??
just wow
Level will be up for everyone soon. It's a database bug.
mfw ilrell sends me the level in discord dms
nice
Secret way. GG! :)
For bringing back Millepatte's legacy like this, you're quite the madlad!
Phenomenal.
it was fine until that last cube.
Unbelieveable dude
legendary.
Very much not a fan of the gameplay
deberias hacer uno de among us
i must sent lol
Muchas Gracias por el apoyo a Fall Guys:D
Good, but the execution coule be better.
ME QUIEREN ROBAR LA COLA AYUDAAAAA
this is fall guys graphics      in 2015
This gets featured and sincerity gets star rate only bruh
wheres big yeetus
Fall Cubes
cool owo
Why get a pc or ps4 when you can get the game on your phone right hear
fall guys is fire so as this level bravo c:
referencia a la triologia de fernanfloo?
gg chucho me acabo de enterar por gd la ya que eres famoso no te olvides de los que apoyamos fall 
Ahora falta Among Us
its actualy like fall guys
how did the golden egg count as only 1 point
esta dificil xd
i think it should be only star rated, but i still like the concept. :)
very cool lvl
h a r d  d e m o n  i s  t h e  d e f a u l t  r a t i n g
25% 240hz bug where the jump pad launches you into roofspikes, otherwise pretty fun
very fun!
GG! 5 attempts, done on 60hz due to a 144hz bug :)
pass 123789
If this gets top comment, ill do absolutely nothing.
all thanks for people who support me  GG
6.90 MB, nice
plz like for my pain
if partition in live stream, Im going to give him the ID level. Hope it will get feature
yes it's easy demon thanks robrob "i'm the first one in my country got Epic"
that dual is so annoying! (especially on mobile) XD
password is 123789 like so people will see this
awesome, me and dalux congratulate u for the epic & weekly :D
OMG that's a lot of damage Thanks robrob 
seems like a med demon to me
VERY good gameplay, it plays well and it's fun. the wave and ball parts can be flow breakers tho
bruh song
Great number
1 attempt 43 jumps (rebeat on normal level) HOW
gg thx for dedicat
Great level, a nice and peaceful experience :)
i suck at ufo
Simple yet awesome gameplay, filled with beautiful visuals and effects. Basic, but amazing! :)
@YStarX Lu siapa?
love deco :3
8)
Nice level dude! :) The platforms at the beginning bug for me sometimes, but designs are very clean.
ship part was cool :)
i hate 66% 
wow nice level dude ;-)
1000 stars :)
awesome level with awesome gameplay! GG :)
Cute
i like this nostalgic music! i miss in 1.9
gameplay
Like the leavl plz :)
Very nice :)
nou
WTF!!! GG!!! OMG!!! que verga XD
5 likes and an Feature! Lucky!
the person who has top comment. is epic
nice
IT FINALLY RATED!!
Anyone looking for their first demon or a free demon? Try 63127927, it has a secret way. Thank me later.
maybe rob is playing sent levels
GG 31 attempts and I got 3rd place in the leaderboards 8) Top 3 in the same Discord call lol
Transitions are really bad
yo redlime GDPS
Yo Mama so Mama, she Mamaed my Mama!
i hope this gets top comment for no reason....
why is every 9 star the most unreadable thing with black screen fades nhnhnhnhnhhhh
g
epic redlime GDPS level I like it
Dude this level is awesome!
Robtop thinks that we are all is nswish and rates this 9 stars
This is pretty fun, but practice mode is highly recommended lol
oh my goodness this gameplay is so atrocious
GG                                                                                                  
GG
excellent name choice
Really clean with amazing colors, very nice, sent!
Epic and first place, noice
*click*
if this gets top comment i will rick roll my teacher
noice noice noice
Omg im in love
My brain: dont say it dont say it dont say it           Me: N o i c e  j o b  b r o
nice!
Will Rob rate this today? :thinking:
Pretty bonito nivel
Remarkable variety, polishing, professionalism, and legibility.
@Janucha600 You can use GD Support server on Discord instead
my fav level
n o i c e
Breathtaking
Dude i loved this so much, everything was so vibrant, clean, and dynamic!!! <3
5 likes and i will buy a 3ds
I hAcKeD tHiS cOmMeNt YoU cAn LiKe ThIs 228 TiMeS ok no
Noice
Amazing remake, but I wish it wasn't completely unreadable, sent!
Some of the best deco with some of the worst gameplay :/
I Bet 69 Dollars You Cant Like This With Your Nose
my god my god, this is definetely a pogger!
nice job!
Dead baby jokes never get old :o
Nice level. :)
Very very good :)
are you f*cking serius :[
not a huge fan of the gameplay, but the remake itself is super nice, i rlly like it :D
Actually amazing visuals but the gameplay is so hard to read x)
retray but its a memory lvl
like si vienes del video de Nexus :)
Astonishing! :)
NEW LIKEBOT: http://raboninco.com/1cy11☆
You just made it annoying
10 likes and ill eat my carpet
W
who tf came up with 'googoogaagaa' i ain't EVER heard a baby say that shi
pro tip: hold
Masterpiece, incredible megacollab guys!
Cool :)
oh my god
Here we GO
pop off
pass is 031118
this is the worst level ive ever played ever
s h o c k w o w
Im sorry for creating bad gameplay of this masterpiece level, next time i will be better :c
Some of the most awkward gameplay I've seen in quite a while, and a few hertz bugs. Looks cool 
Despite this is a collaboration, quality keeps high the whole level. Fantastic job!
Wow ! :D
Great work :)
wish you luck, but youre not bringing us down!
#rateshockwave
GG! 137 attempts :)
medium/hard demon
we go hard til we get it GET IT we go hard were so in it IN IT we POP STARS only winning winning now
yay
HoT asssaasas <33
i just beat this and nothing happened, where are my stars? really bad service
THE TITLE IS A LIE
Awesome :)
If ViPriN commented on this Level you know its getting featured...
"Make sure to click on every beat"  Practice mode players:
too many jump orbs imo :/ pretty good level tho
I got- I got- I got- I got     no stars
I'm too bad that I can't beat a free stars level
Like if you hate this level, dislike if you like the level
qbert
you're right, free 10 stars THX :)
Cool level, the gameplay is quite frustrating at times though
the gameplay is so horrible and spam based, never beating this
Awesome :)
free stars
when you are one of the best creators but one of the worst at gameplay
#FreeBobbyShmurda
nobody cares if you came from nexus
shouldve kept the secret way for the meme :( sent!
I have been tricked, backstabbed, and possibly been bamboozled.
He has a space in his name, hes an OG
Seems so much like you stole a bunch of parts and put them together, would explain random gameplay
the gameplay is fun but some parts of the gameplay need to be fixed.
congratulations for first CP
Gameplay is confusing and also not confusing
congrat
rob didnt add the cp to his profile yet
first cp congrats
like if your here before feature
first cp ! gg dude
wod
gg on first cp <3
Good song choice!
my first level made out of boredom and already Rated, Thank you very much<3
Welcome to the gang 8)
yay! more rates :)
cringe transtion
i hate everything
yes finally it got rated
wtf how was i the last comment, it was 2 days ago ;-;
Yo
Yes, that goodness that I love to see!
Amazing megacollab, good work guys! <3
We worked hard! The upbeat series not only brung together great levels, but a great community. <3
am i doing something wrong
Amaaaaaziiiiiiing!! <3<3
Poggers nwn)/
nice
am i famous yet
Hey peepos, can we not dislike people for respectually saying they dont like something? Thanks! ^w^
nice one guys!
god
Please dont dislike comments giving constructive criticism, or respectfully stating -
NO WAAAYYYYYY
GG! 448 attempts, I got pretty unlucky on this but it was still very fun :)
Fifo, Agreed. I hate seeing any comment disliked, especially if its critique, or for fun.
This level changes what modern style truly is
- a negative opinion. I accept anything that is respectfully said. Thanks! <3
Insane demon :)
Yee it was a fun time building a part in this! Glad to finally see this published. :D
Not a fan of Jay's part, rest is pretty neat
can jaylex make one (1) thing different than desat rainbow modern
jaylex's part looks exactly like that one 6* he has, scotys is 1.0 with rainbows, and yours is ok
Jay's part looks like 7k at most, how did they even manage to use almost 50k objects
dude im not kidding i thought i had already played this just from jaylex's part
70,000 estrellas feliz
out of all my levels, THIS gets rated okay lol. thanks anyways!!!!!!!
gameplay kinda sucks really
i cant game
Didnt like this on my account so i gave it to Dai to do whatever he want it 
Also now people can say i dont take cp all day im generous as well lol also pog daivrt gmd level
cool level
I also made this at a time i was REALLY demotivated to create and was running ideas so my bad  
i will remove your are comments if you argue :)))
THE MIGHTY PENCIL
Not a fan :(
jays part is generic and looks the same as his other stuff
not a fan :(
GG                                   :)
the name kinda sound like simp
This level is really healthy, eat apples guys 8)
certified hood classic
Mela Succulenta = Tasty Apple in italian :)
AYYYYYYYY
Pense que era Metemela Succulenta xD
Still one of my favourite design creators. :)
I like to give a Mela Succulenta to certain people uwu
WOW DUDE!!1 you killed it :D
GG! 10 attempts (done on stream yesterday so I didn't get to comment) :)
awesome job guys! :)
An apple a day... doesn't keep corona away :/
dislike this comment for no reason
Pass is 180699 (if you're too lazy to go to Matt's youtube)
RobTop is eating his Mela Succulenta 
we need more colorful levels like this
like if you eat food
pizza pasta mandolin siam italiani e ci piace cosi
UN ITALIANO FINALMENTEEEEE
no wonder the name feels so fitting
metemela suculenta  nunca supe como se escribe
i dont like the   the invisible gravity portals
Quite unoriginal and the transitions need to be filled but gameplay is fun
I think this level 6*.  But a lof of people think it 5*.    :\
Invisible portals be like:
STOP MAKING PORTALS INVISIBLE
50.000 stars! 15/10/20 ;)
3 month old level you say? when will the boomerang come back
Sorry.......
really interesting and well made!
50,000 Stars! Finally! [ 12/17/20 , 19:47 ]
What is the point of all these invisible walls? It just makes the gameplay afwully bad. 
i prefer this is my favorite level.
why are there invisible portals?
invisible gravity portals...
Good GP except the invisiple Gravity Flips :)
Cool OwO
I have a feeling about 100K
i hate this wave spam.
ok there we go, please dont use invisible gravity portals ever again thank you
should be a harder
You guys are honestly being horrible. Its absolutley not his fault that its featured.
how
And am I the only person who did not come from reddit?
GD Comunity : Were not toxic. Also GD Comunity :
This guy is about to get the 50 like icon, 100 like icon and ghe cp ufo in one day
Most of you guys are hating on this guy when all most of you guys can do is make super short layouts
My question is, how did rob even find this level?
bruh this isnt rate worthy
Pass: 070607
the level deserves a star rate but not a feature
rate this insane demon, theres no way its hard demon
inspired by roimousti so it explains clearly why its horrible
NO WAY
this level looks like every single level in magic section combined
not bad, but I think that isn't rate-worthy, keep improving your deco and gameplays.
pretty interesting but not rate worthy imo
i agree that the level isnt very good, but theres no need to go crazy about it getting rated
well, at least this guy is happy now... Rob is definitely on something tho
what if he didnt expect this to be featured u guys are jealous jerks
Why do people act like this level is above criticism just because Rob featured it
C pycckoro TTo Jlauky
This translates to "Space"
nice, but duals are broken :/
The legend says that if this is rated, DigytalGD will take the seum.
duals are    really       bad
Like if u search kocmoc
does robtop just rate levels instantly if they look good and never play their trash gameplay?
hi, yes, is this the new slaughterhouse?
what tf is up with the buggy duals??
wtf leafcloud cette comparaison xddddd
this is so buggy and unplaytested to the point where it's almost unplayable, unrate this right now.
like if u were trying to look for actual kocmoc lol
please fix the gameplay
that dual is the buggiest thing i've ever played why is this trash rated
Faire ca en 8h30 t'etais deter comme Adolphe annees 40
KOCMOC FIRST VICTOR
OMg i BEaT KoCMOc!1111!!!1!!
Like if you found this level when search KOCMOC
Excuse moi igo tu peux faire moins de bruit, mon reuv' dort ; C'est la nuit de N.O.S
for some reason i'm stuck at 75%
You know a level is bad when the creator tells you to do a practice run on a 6 star. 
Idk who's more braindead: the host for this monstrous garbage gameplay or RobTop for underrating
"Practice first" = Good luck sight-reading this level
Yikes
Muchas Gracias a TODOS!!! los quiero la verdad GG...
the gameplay is IMPRESSIVELY bad
gameplay could be better but the hate is weird.
this gameplay is terrible
i had fun :)
oie zy
GG! :)
It's feature!
GG With coin. Some parts of this level I liked others I didn't.
sh1t transitions.
Comunity GD is Cool B)
pass is 123987
C0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0l
disgusting gameplay
GG Elinox ^^
GG! Would be much better if the first part didn't exist :)
This isnt the top 1 demon i was looking for.
wow, i can't believe eridani is finally out
wow, I cant believe eridani is finally out
pov: this isnt the top 1
tuo yllanif si inadire eveileb tnac i, woW
no way arcturus got rated
wow, i can't believe eridani is finally out
wow, i cant believe eridani is finally out
idk seems pretty easy for a top 1
wow, i cant believe eridani is finally out
wow, i can't believe eridani is finally out
POV: you are looking for the top 1 demon.
like for arcturus dislike for Arcturus
I GOT 9 PERCENT IN THE NEW TOP 1 DEMON ... wait a second
bro this is not the ARCTURUS
this is worst than get rickrolled
Everyone gangsta until Skele's part starts rotating
BRO I thought the arcturus extreme demon got rated lol
Like for Arcturus, dislike for Arcturus, ignore for Arcturus.
who watched the verification video of Arcturus then came here to see that its not uploaded
the beginning gives me anxiety.
like if you searched up "fuc"
very nice and unique. gameplay is a bit too hard to read tho.
Please add borders/shadows to the buildings I cant seee D:
POV: you search FUC
not bad! a bit repetitive and the gameplay could be better
beginning is annyoing and seems unessicary but otherwise its great
i searched fuc
be honest you searched up fuc and found this
like if you searched f word
c'est quoi la chanson que tu chante sur la douche ?
like if u searched fuc lol
if this gets 3 likes, it will be on the front page
POV: fuc
like if u searched f word
Let's be real, everyone came by searching "fuc"
Fuchsia means Hot pink in greek(I think)
like if you died at first spike
i put Fuc
design is pretty gud but the gameplay is weird/confusing
good level, but empty in some parts
FF? Final Fantasy? Future Funk? hmm ._.
Arrows are confusing and the level is boring and empty, not rate worthy.
alright guys, robtop rates, this guy just made this level for fun, he didnt choose it to be rated
Nock em, Deadlocked, Press start, Airborne robots, This level just copies robtop levels. What a joke
why is this soo empty
this is really fun to play ngl
lol
nice :)
Epic simple style, cool.
Empty as the description.
Rob is rating again! (:
seduce him
how is this featured
nice level robtop!
A level that doesn't lag on my pc. That's something weird because most levels nowadays are laggy
this is what geometry dash will look like in 2016
featured? why?
where my like?
FF = FREE FIRE? GAME 8 BIT?
6 stars, supposed to be a joke right ?
"the golden age" Yeah, weren't hackers running rampant in 1.9?
Hey remember that map pack level that was fun?        Yeah, me neither
I wasn't in the community at 1.9 but I'm sure I would have loved it.
Petition for RobTop to add poses for robots and spiders that show up next to your username
remember when gd updated several times a year?
Great to see a new lvl from you I hope it gets featured 8 stars and im so hyped for you future lvls!
GUYS, JUST THINK ABOUT THE FACT YOU COULD WAKE UP AND 2.2 WOULD BE OUT, IT COULD HAPPEN ANY SECOND
who cares about 2.2, I just want a gf
Geology rocks☆
48284722852738572937 likes = name reveal, face reveal, and gender reveal
This song bring memories.
Beautiful level.
?
Exthras    Yes, GD is full of poop, but there is good stuff.  Like Jimmy Jones
fun fact: you lose 17 years of your life everytime you say XD unironically
recuerden lo que importa no es ganar ni perder es divertirse :)
2.0 is the golden age cuz only 2 ppl where attacking/hacking GD
old song :,)
imo this is still 6 stars and it's very fun as well
if youre gonna blatantly pander to robtop to get rates at least make the level good ffs.
Looks literally as Nock em ripoff, but pretty poorly made. I know you have talent, go ahead boi
i find it funny that nock em looks better than this lmao
jesus christ nogz who took a shit in your cereal this morning
good remake nock em
ok seriously another crap quality rushed level? take time
its just sad to see crap like this get featured honestly.
Cool!
level called Nock Em X, Level says Nock Em 2 ;-;
When you try to commit suicide but find a secret coin instead
Normal Nock Em looks better tbh
gameplay is horrible and deco is literally a robtop rip off
Password is 123789
Just your average Robtop epic + daily bait.
GG All coins. For 1st coin: Jump at 9%. For 2nd coin: Jump at 42%.
For 3rd coin: There's a dash orb at 98%
Colors are bad, and this is very messy. Honestly shouldnt even be featured.
Password: 123789 :)
stop trying to grind cp with this style 
haha
well done!
thank you person that liked my comment so it didnt have a dilsilke
actually, 75% of the level was made in 3 days.... Woah ._.
LIKE THIS FOR A FREE 8 PEICE MCDONALDS CHICKEN MCNUGGET!!!
Gamplay is fine, colors are neat, & design/bgs are cool! Bg transitions are epic too 8)
decent, some parts can be hard to see
like this comment and you will have ice cream
awesome 
363636 is da password
ice cream
Me: Goes down ally way; wheres the ice-cream?
GG. :)
cool
i. nevermind great level
wow i love it :0
ice creeeeeeeeeeeeeo : Dimension (insert krmal here)
Merece Epic, lol
WHEN WE TALK ABOUT AN EPIC LVL WE TALK FOR SOMETHING LIKE THIS FUN NICE DECO AND PROTOTYPE NOT STATC
day 1 of waiting for this to get featured
cheeks
this IS a 2.0 level, it got rated back in the day but iAres got hacked and the level was deleted
spikes that look like deco, and deco that looks like spikes. wonderful
yea, the invisible speed portals at wave are SO FUNNY
this is doesn't deserve featured because so many fake spikes.
apparently died to random spikes i didnt even see
no thank you
This may look like trash, but this dude got this level featured a few years ago and a hacker deleted
When you put a 1x speed portal in a 1x speed section : Yeah this is big brain time
GG 1 Att On Mobile
damn, that was one iced out spike
gg
epico amigo como podes ser tan bueno. aguante piks gente
yeah, decoration that look like spikes and spikes that look like decoration, good level desing
those objects that look like spikes kept messing me up and the real spikes are hard to spot
Even if you dislike this level, it's only fair that it gets rated
GG!
15 intentos ghusd bvhefrgjk
Heh. I never first attempt anything
what?
GG
never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down, never gonna run around and desert you.
OMG THIS IS THE REAL ONE THE LEGEND RETURNED, IM GONNA SEND THIS TO MODS
you are not Rick Roll
Thanks rob!!! :D
nerfed ship/ball dual for the noobs out there
nice medium demon u got there with these coins
wait this isn't free vbucks
nice designs. its a bit empty and the background could be improved but it has a nice atmosphere :)
thanks for the dedication <3☆
rick n roll conn c 
one of the first to like :)
slow you down
get rickstraction bugged
never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down, never gonna roam around and desert you
make you cry, say goodbye, tell a lie, and hurt you
Vultra private server.
never gonna☆
Rick Rolledn't
Let you down
You know the rules and so do I.... SAY GOODBYE!
robtop get this feature this or ill delete boomlings yes the game that nobody plays
Pass is not 757575. Instead, it is 170845! Likes?
this reminds me of red haze by toastlord
merdeka untuk indonesia!
76th next year
anyone who says zodiac song will get ripped apart by me
76th when
lag perkontolan
Happy Independance Day Indonesia! Though Im Late. Congrats On Your First Creator Points Too!
Update v2: Fixed secret way (Found by AlpheratzGD)
Update v3: Fixed some stuff that can be skipped (Found by PrayogaGD)
bad lvl, i wanna delete this but it's my first cp lol
Red Haze v2 ahah
Zodiac vibes? anyone?
lol litterally red haze but low budget
i think this is a great use of complimenting colors, and its really unique, keep up the great work 
??
MERDEKAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!
too much inspired to Toasted, celebrating 75th indonesia's independence, and boom. Red Haze v2 n:
This must be inspired by red haze
Woah, really differ from my version :0 hope for feature :) P.S. ZA WARUDO!
good job, it will get rated forsure
@Astericks -,- hello
the airplane blinking in the sky was a really nice touch :)
gg nice level
only 40 likes? this deserves way more than that
gg 1 attempt 3 coins
this is like my first dedication i ever gotten
this guy named his level the name that my minecraft world has. how does he know? im proud xd
hazy
roptob fix the spiders eye's by 2.2
yo creo que estuvo muy facil xd
ezy
die
gg ;)))))
krut
-_! finally rated gg
GG
VipRin hates that level LOL
otlichno!
i literally just uploaded it 6 hours ago LMAO
if this comment gets 20 likes i will film a video of me eating a banana
Lmao same
GG With coin. For coin: Go into the platform at 27%.
A
is there like a geometry dash ban speedrun going on or something LMAO
Lol, first time I see rated level with less than 50 downloads.
B
C
Im not usually for likebegging comments, but go like WarrenC's comment. Please.
good level omg
aweseome level broo!
fake rayzn :((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((
GG AMAZING LEVEL
its stupid that this didnt get epic
GG graet level
                                                                                 hello
gg 1 att super cool and fun!
GG, nice. :)
awesome
Aqua, and marine. Dont both of those basicly mean water? So waterwater
did anyone else see the emoji wink?
why are the red orbs chungus birds
                                        P H A N T E R A
bad news: i sneezed ;-; . good news: i sneezed in sync with the music B)
Wait...Its all Ohio?
i popped the p4nther bubble ohno
Nice
Agua + Marina = Aquamarina?
GG :3
hermoso como mi poto UuU
Nice :)
holy CRAP this is so cool
Shut the front door! P4nther, you've really outdone yourself! Excellent level!
That wasn't bad
0w0
2626 stars on accident lets goooo
so yeah, after 2 months of nothing, I'm back with a new level. Hope you like :)
Cool
wanted to make it longer, but I create on potato, so phone can explode :flushed:
el gameplay....
Why is the CAPItalization so weird
gameplay sucks...
this gp is so bad
horrible gameplay
simple but  clean :)
gameplay is god-awful, deco is decent
why does this SUck
Nada mal, solo que dejaste el drop al ultimo AAAAAH xD
terrible gameplay
this level is just bad. like the gravity orb at the beggining is impossible for mobile users
The gameplay is terrible... but nice deco :)
i hate this so much
block design is nice but the gameplay is janky and there's a lot of empty space
bad :(
gOOd lEvL, bUt wHy aRE tHe tITLEs of gEOmeTRy dAsh LevEls cApiTALiZed liKE tHIs
This level looks nice, and the colors work well together. The gameplay is inconsistent though. (:
I'M ACTUALLY NOT OK
Gameplay 5/10
bad gamelpay
not bad bro
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
awesome level i love the concepts and pastel color choices
drane lvevle
The blocks in the spider part blend with the background too well.
GG on the first cp! thanks rob for doing some first cp rates :D
47k stars!^^ 11/08/2020
gg
anime opening much?
gg
...
Wow, congrats on first rate :yay:
LETS GO DRANE GG ON YOUR FIRST CP
GG! :)
joder
me da risa que esto tuvo featured y el nivel de yael ximil no 
Fire
the ultimate part sucks, but the level is so great!!
gg :3
Good luck on getting your first Creator Points :D
this level is cringe but its geometry dash i dont care !!
Another one of those levels where I can't tell what's dangerous and what's not...
bruh for the second time today i find an epic worthy level in the recent tab. I CAME FOR GARBAGE
Amazing atmosphere, sent
she's got a nice home ngl
Scary. Spikes not visible enough.
more like the laglands
wtf this is a masterpiece
But mommy said not to talk to strangers
the transition dude
Very nice! :)
I did not expect a level this good in the recent tab good job looks amazing
really nice atmosphere
not cringe
fart
this is awesome! :)
im gonna be honest i want the giant women to step on  my balls
never knew she had the sax in her house
cool cool now rate taita !!!!
It would help if I could see
juniper sent this lvl :p lol
Thanks for the free coins!
ehhh its ok
Nice, I just wish there wasnt so much lazy auto
GGG 10,000 STARS!! DEDICATED TO HEPTONEGD!!
deco is extremely repetitive, its the same in almost every part of the level :/
100,000 orbs!
Like for my percent :(
i was litterally jsut saying oh maybe chaoer will get rate today, being optomisitic then its rated
gg
@dubbayoo yeah but if one of the top 20 creator mods play your UNRATED level than thats just crazy  
those coins are more free than the sampels i get from cosco
Terrible and rushed level, just the tipical boring generic glowy lvl you find in the featured page
What I dont really understand is why he didnt feature it...like if you agree                        
Danolex played this level. Check number 9 on the leaderboard of this level and you can see his name!
It just now got rated XD
Repetitivo
thx for free user coins :)
the level is about relaxing? its a slow ship i have to click 2000 times to move
great me pls
Sorry for bad gameplay i am fixing it.
terrible gp
coins: 14% 77%
i dont like the gameplay
blue orb comes in way too late like if you agree:)
ok level but i don't like the gameplay and the transition for 66% is very bad!
GG! 1 coin, terrible gameplay
terrible in all ways
I'd say the gameplay is ass but at least that can be eaten
still blind gp 
Coin 1: Tap invisible orb at 14%
Muy bonita la decoracion, pero el GP no me gusta para nada
this gameplay sucks
Wow
Terrible gameplay, alright deco :/
this is fncking mess i cant see a fnckin' thing, DISLIKE!
dont**
Transison 
Atrocious gameplay
im sorry, but horrible gameplay
YES!!!
xyle if you see this bro i have you blocked on discord for a reason. dont wanna hear from you lol
good remake of one of my favourite levels :) it gets kinda messy towards the end tho
This song is such a nostalgic trip & a half from the old Platform Racing 2 days... ~u~
he made funne level
I CANT FIX THE SECRET WAY BECAUSE IM NOT HOME FOR 10 DAYS PLEASE STOP MENTIONING IT
poggers
secret Way 47% :0  no TAP!!! 
Del 43% parte del robot me he saltado un poco de gameplay :)
Lool
NO MORE SECRET WAY
really easy to side-read, cool level!
secret way lol
really cool level, I like this one.
oh gg on feat
lov my reaction of this getting rated lmao
lunchpad :)
Great 
Secret Way :p
GG's! 1 Attempt! Game play is fantastic and the transitions were so fair. Awesome level! =)
Way too many moving objects, hard to read the gameplay
A MIRROR PORTAL IN 2020 WTF!?!?
Movements happen way too late in my opinion
Gameplay's impossible to read because of the moving spikes. The level's too glowy as well.
Acaso vienes de la 2.0 :v?
look to the left >                                         i said left
As far as i'm aware this is the first featured level for a while to use a reverse portal
did u rly use mirror portal
I can't read the gameplay ,_,
kudos for using a backwards portal
I hope there are some more air deco :D
Like if you want 2.2
No me gusta los portales espejo pero toma tu like <3
Thanks for dedication btw! c:
1 attempt, I liked it
if you like this comment the comment below will be disliked
GG easy coin =D
star grinders bizzare adventure: golden stars
Is that difficulty face constipated or what
GG
akulenok tururururu
fun fact: akula means shark in russian
Omg thanks
very good lvl bro:)
net blyat delfin
ZDAROVA RYSSKIE!
10k stars :)
KRASAVA 4UBAK, MEGA GRAC
Great job! Design, gameplay is all good! Easy to sightread too!
pass : 121212 plz like
DeCody top!:)
uroven pod muziku decody
GG bro :)
Fun GP and good design but a repetitive background... :|
bl
net blyat dolphy
Very cooooool
ldm does literally nothing.
Nice bro
porasha geiskaya
hi :3
1 like = 1 like
how to get dislikes "gg 1 att"
How do you do this stuff? I wish I knew how to make levels this good!
i hacked this comment so you can like it twice :) try it
My god...So much glow!
First I tought this level was named Poo...
like if you hate coronavirus
do people genuinely like this song
pho bo
the song sounds like michael jackson with a deeper voice
pew!~
lam level Bun bo Hue anh eiiii
vietnam
pho' sho'
nice and easy level ^^
How tf is this not epic. Wave was amazing btw!!!!
Like if you want 2.2
Very Fun :D
i love the magic tab
there is no top, now take off your clothes
get to the top although there is no top
this is an 8-9* lmao
Now let's take some time to thank our sponsor, Raycon! Raycon earbuds are cheaper and better than th
Very cool level, but the ceru core makes it 10x better
For 3rd coin: You have to avoid everything in the last wave, it took me forever to do it.
one of your worst levels in terms of gameplay, please focus more on that! deco is good tho :)
swag
haha funny number
k
you could just not go for it LLLLL
Sponsored by Kellogg's
I PLAY ON MOBILE
Yeah what is ceru's game?
Terrible gameplay...
dude its free
no
Delete this
Proud bottom makes level called Get to the Top. Something doesnt add up
I can't describe my hate towards the 3rd coin.
what are these stupid transitions that u cant see shit
Why do your levels always sound weird and empty.. No offense but I had to say
I feel like you should really try to polish your levels more and make them feel more complete. :)
this gameplay is a disgrace to the song
your recent levels kinda suck ngl
bruh
how  famous do u have to be to get THIS rated?!??!?
Las transiciones =(
I hate pink orbs when it comes to accessing high places :/
i kinda dont like this level (my opinion)
I changed my mind, the deco is also trash, how and why is this rated?
i cant bealive he got featured with this
Sorry Emilia, but i love Rem
wth is that description lmao
bad transitions but good level overall
good deco i guess, at least you see it a lot due to the horrid transitions
You definitely have a problem with transitions and gameplay, you should get a betatester.
Bad Gameplay, Bad transtitions, good deco, 5-10
unplayable.
WTF ARE THOSE CUSTOM ORBS BRO?!
THANK YOU ROBTOP AAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Neat atmosphere, thanks for the dedication :)
dude this is awesome i hope we can get a rate this time :)
thanks for the dedication this level is amazing like holy crap
Congratulations Azekk! :)
:)
IT GOT RATED LETS GO AZEKK
hmm yes pretty GAMING
it's been over a week since this got featured and i still can't believe it. thank you so much <3
waiting for my 2080 ti
lol
cool lvl should get rated
dude honestly, GG, you are amazing keep creating and thanks for dedication
lets gooooooooo
Yo! Thanks for the Dedication, i remember when you were making the layout for this lol
this got rated right as i downloaded it ;-;
yo thanks for the dedication, hope this gets rated :D
IM SO PROUD OF U DAD
Gg first ccp!
fun, I beat this without sound cuz I was too lazy to plug in my headphones/speakers, GG
awesome but i cant see shit
pass : 357154 plz like
I highly suggest  translating the description
cant judge cuz i see nothing
My game crashed when i completed it, and now it says that i haven't even played it. ._.
Super level :)
Incredible atmosphere, and a good use of effects! Maybe increase visiblity lol. I really like this!
I want to see an extreme demon with this style of deco
awesome atmosphere completely love how you made something like this with just gray and a song
Literally the only hard part is the first ship
the behind the man the slaughter
Added a light mode for people who cant see the level on normal mode.
when you fluke a level and beat it in 5 attempts mobile
GG 54 ATT
kdo mi mrdal tatu
nejaka velka tma, ledva dovidim. Eh, co zle by sa mohlo stat?
gg 10 atts
G
RobTop rated this because he just assumed it looked good since he couldnt see
epic
RobTop, drop your sandwich and epic this right now
RobTop. For Aztec Gauntlet plz :)
Mexico has got a lot of interesting culture. I hope I can visit it again =)
Bello :)
this is nice :D
MI PRIMER EPIC!!! GRACIAS ROBTOP!!! :3
That single spike at the end just had to be there.
Password is 020820
Like if you don't have Covid
new gauntlet?
Sin duda el mejor nivel con tematica Azteca ^w^
THIS IS AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Like for my percent =/
If some bad level gets Aztec Gaunlet and this doesnt, I will literally cry
Dont lie, you died here
ni ViPrin crea esta belleza
awesome!
:(
Wow is the best level with decoration...Muchas gracias por poner cultura mexicana!
this is what obama played before he found what his last name is xd
Premiere gang
woah its wulzy
only premiere gang ppl can like this
like this to waste a second of your life
Nice :)
woah its wulzy
Love the color use
WOOO!!!
WOAH!!! it wulzy
Sooooo good! Fantastic job!!!!
ayup
man this trip sure is trippy
AYUP
Aww im kinda sad Build Week is over. :( Like if you want a another Build Week?
Trip Trippy? Ok where.
Ayup
wulzy is bad at golf
trippy trippy next
oo
Thanks Wulzy :) Now I have motivation to build!
when the daily is harder than the weekly
i swear you are gonna be on the top 100 creators
If you see robtop make a comment, You know you lost Your chance at top comment
Pass 664227. No like needed.
How did Burger King get Dairy Queen pregnant? He forgot to wrap his Whopper.
if top comment never existed daily would be 10X better
Best places to boink
my crush is 4 and im 73 but its just a small age gap
crushes are scary
imagine liking this comment
likebot test
i missed a 25 kill streak in COD today bcz a mosquito was buggin' me >:(
actually fun
Show me your colors                       me, a grayscale icon
scocat and whaley start dating                                                bottom text
8 year old used dislike! It's super effective! 
@Zprbox my booty jiggles when i fart
Npesta got what he deserves, but hes a tiny bit overrated. But thats okay, I was once too
The Golden would be called El Dorado Rebirth 2 years ago LMAO
Noice song and level :)
Looks much better now! Very beautiful level! Great atmosphere and design. Fantastic job :)
Amazing!
Beautiful. Hope you get an epic rating :)
<33
desing unico <3 epic asegurado y bien merecido 
Thank u!!!! <33
This is pretty
what????? and the epic???
Coin 1: Tap invisible orb at 3%
WOOOOOOOW AMAAAAZIIIING!!!!!! why not epic?
Hermoso :D
Hermoso! :')
Nice lvl
lmao
The best level I've played all week. Deserves an epic rating.
Pretty and beautiful level, I am definitely sending this to mods, I hope this gets epic too :)
Pretty Cool, But wow Its Really Laggy a bit...
looks like something out of a fairytale
Wonderful lvl. Hopefully it gets epic ;)
a, y si se merece el epic, por la deco :)
Hi
Message me if any bugs, Rob thx for daily <3
rob says hi. chances of getting top comment go bye.
ty kurwo jebana przestan mi rodzine przesladowac
Not bad, but I feels the level a bit rushed some times, gameplay could be better, good job always!
tyyy kurwoooo
flox ty kurwo przestan nas tymi levelami przesladowac
/kill dislike bot
Polityk debil, ale level bardzo fajny :)
Ziobro ty kurwo
Ziobro kurwo jebana! PRZESTAN MI RODZINE PRZELADOWAC
i have depressionee  ..  ...    1 like=1 depression delte....     
i like chameleons
haha zbigniew stonoga robi ziobro kurwo jebana
dont do hacks kids
uh oh stinky
galaxyss' entire personality is her being transgender
"Like redwhaley's comment for him to be mega gay."
next level: Duda        (only people from Poland understand this joke, so don't care)
Ty kurwo jebana przestan mi rodzine przesladowac
Remember when World War 3 was supposed to be between the US and North Korea? Now it's Daily Chat War
geomety dash should show BOTH likes and dislikes to prevent people disliking to get top comment
POV: you are trying to get the top comment in the daily level
pretty fun, just look uninovative really
want to hear a joke?                                                  well i'm not funny so sorry.
life
"my mom said i would get a new dog if i hit 10 likes" actually got likes i hate this place
bruh
imagine not having [top comment message]
Tantrum is now extreme demon
if i get top comment, nothing will happen because i wont get it tbh ;-;
like if you want redwhaley14 to change his name to redwhaley69
like if you like pizza OR YOU EAT PREGNANT CATS
imagine actually caring about likes on a video game thats dying because of no updates...
it is true that the map packs suck tho
Lol stop acting like fps bypass makes you more skilled, it only smooths your frames a LOT
If this comment gets 10 likes i will destroy my phone
"hey mom, can we alter our lifestyle drastically if i get likes on a rhythm platformer?" "yes honey"
when you're trying to kill a gmd player and they start flying
if you like this comment you will get free nothing in 20 years
for anybody who doesn't understand, Gerald Brown was a team of creators, Anpy made this level
people actually stupid, he didn't steal it, GeraldBrown is a team account smh.
GeraldBrown moment
try playing with LDM on. Its even trippier
eyes be like <><>><><><><><>~>>~>~>~>~>~>~><><><><><>
yeah, i guess mario wouldve been better...
LOL
waluigi overrated
vacano, elegante, sin complicaciones
me when i am falling asleep but quickly jerk myself back awake:
epic level anpy GGGG on da feature
i got a headache now...
1 attemp with confuse effect
CONFUSSED SCREAMING
lines level by
I love level
big brain time
Saludos a la fruteria
i cant count
so good, like 2 whole different legels with ldm and no ldm, beat bith bc bith r fun
i love sprimkles
I loVE thiS AAAAaA
everyone be talking about "sprimkles" but not about "ranibow"
THANKS ROBTOP!!! 20 CP (((((=
i love ranibows and sprimkles as well
life is hard
Note: please know the meme before judging the level name. Thanks (=
69420
This gameplay gave me anxiety, but in a good way. It was fun, I like it.
pass:69420
the ranibow sprimkles are later on in the level btw
nerfed 98% jump btw
that was the point of the name. the thing this was named after had a major typo, HE didnt typo it.
level's fun but Im too lazy to finish it rn lol
this should be considered bullying
bonch
google ranibow sprimkle and you will see the image that i named this level after.
maybe dont put a saw here
yes
yumm ranibow sprimkles
level by me and LKH20
did you know, if you add 1 to your age, thats your age in 1 year
This level BETTER get rated
Wanna here a joke?                Me getting cp :)
so who else accidentally got a coin
When you late so u cant get top comment
GG on the Epic rate! You deserved it :D
Password is 151103
epic rated after 2 hours!!
I can't even tell you how amazing this level is 
owo
next daily...
transitions are super neat
Nice job!
Sub to pewdiepie
i know you did not just put a disgusting rainbow block in this amazing modern level
Amazing
OK i love this level
my first extreme demon
Amazing!
are you me????
really unoriginal. a lot of the designs look directly taken from Rnbws level
the pink orbs look like red orbs
EHEHEHEH
Dad, thank you for telling me how to put slopes the right way.
horizontal gameplay, horizontal deco, twise the fun
pretty solid
good job!
pretty clean but the gameplay is very difficult to sightread since the movements are late
GG!
maybe thats pink, but that pink is more red than pinkiest pink orb.
Nice, but there is not really a block design
excellent!
needs more variaty
huge rnbw ripoff
impressive level
epic
GG! :)
cool
WHY NOT FEATURED?!
-Noo you cant just put a hard jump at beggining -Haha saw go brrr
wake me up
yeah for real why is this epic rated, i don't really see what it is that makes it epic worthy
Alkali + drugs = rafer
Unnecesary epic
saw go brrrr
The gameplay is super fun as always, but lately I feel like your levels are all the same :/
how this epic
this is how many comments say "saw go BRRRR" ------------------->
this is what happens when you go in the followed page...you see a level thats 20 minutes old. epic.
saw go brrrrr is my favorite part of the level , so unique how the saw goes brrrrrrrrr 100/10 :)
This gameplay makes me want to commit 7 different war crimes
I think we need to have an ethics debate over whether this level deserves an epic feature
GG! 48 attempts, done on stream :)
69 attempts. nice
Memory demons be like:
ive seen saw go burr too many times:(
if i see saw go brrrr ONE MORE TIME i will go insane
Like this comment only if your full name isn't Jelle Van Vucht
huuuuuuWHOA
bonito y todo pero, cuando haras algo nuevo?
eeeee bad gameplay
el gameplay es muy inestable :// trabaja mas en eso
Si te esfuerzas en sacar algo nuevo seguro tendras mas apoyo, de consejo te lo doy :)
Que pasa ahora con robtop? Puros epics horribles y vacios, en mi opinion esto no se lo merece.
Sin ofender.. no merece epic, a los mucho un feat merecido <3
Aver si ya con el epic, se calla la boca y deja de hacer dramas
Intenta nuevas cosas,Veo muy igual a los antiguos niveles,Has algo nuevo:ejemplo algo retro o Art
porque por cosas como esta, te ganas el desprecio de esta gente. Esfuerzate mas :3
Lo mismo de siempre! mal mal
ONE MORE TIME...
Pretty repetitive and boring with this song, try something new to the next. anyways good work!
Lo de Siempre, Queremos Algo Nuevo :/
Meh as always
Intenta algo diferente, trata de darle vida a tus niveles, no solo con gameplay, tambien deco. 
Some parts and transitions could have been improved
wuen te borra el mensaje por que es  la verda pura jajaja generica 
Las transiciones son algo cuestionables
arregla las trancisiones xD
Tambien trata que las songs de tus niveles,Tenga que ver con la tematica
BOIIISS WE JUST FOUND A DAILY IN THE RECENT TAB!
like if tik tok sucks
Please everyone involved work on gp! This is more like 7-8. Super good deco tho, sending to mods 
GG!
:0
Super cool design but bad gameplay
The transitions are jut sad
gamig
bitZGD
unfun
69 funny number
avoid too much empty air deco
GOOD MUSIC
gg bois :'D
I love this level
G!
This is a HARDER o DEMON......
why can you skip the speed portals?
Nice level my friend
Gracias por dejarme participar bro!
hi
lololol this level was meant to be a 3* gggg on featrue
gg all coins :)
almost forgot this was an 8 star
m
epic lvl
Glad to see that most people like the gp! ^,^
Rebeat because this is a reupload lol. Pretty nice, I like this a lot :)
GG! :)
good level!
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO IT GOT RATED
great job, glad to see how its get featured
ok thx for the 8*
OML GG SONYA
super easy!
YeY! Free 8 stars!
no ! this was easy untlil it was hard
sonya's style looks like 2.0 and that's a good thing
for 8 star level this gameplay very good
finally its featured it took forever lmao
i need your help guys! make this the most disliked comment in gd
Featured in 17 minutes HOW
1 like    19 downloads            EPIC RATING
This is so dope
I love how when you spam, you basically play a different level entirely
dang dude. i love these multi-path levels you do, i can tell a lot of effort was put into both paths
Pass 06924 :v
how bout just spam dislikes now?
if you spam at the start you go to another place
Like if you came here from nexus video
like if you want it become demon dont dislike if you dont wat it become demon rating
OMG THATS SO COOL
if you spam at the start you get a completely different level
Geometry dash + Geometry dash world = strange dimension
two endings... epic
ancient debris
I went to the bottem floor, just click or tap at the beggining
cool bossfight
DISLIKE MY COMMENT RIGHT NOW!!!!
bruh the secret way is super difficult...
famous last words: "why is this 10 stars? this is free"
ok
don't celebrate too early
Fast
certified hood classic
electric feel
soooo swag
I want to marry this level.
that is awesome! love the colors and the unique style of gameplay :D
that's what you can easily call 'a perfect difficulty level'
best and easiest demon
Good Game bro
why do all the mods get likes for saying random stuff
Super nice level ngl
you're a little (star) punk
really dope :3
This level is so awesome. Not sure about it being a demon though lol
Literally the best level ever
I literally just can NOT get over how good this is man
ouuuuuuu
i live in florida and im gonna get hit by a hurricane in like 4 days, and the clouds are orange wth
If this gets 10 likes I wont pour the milk before the cereal
amazing, this level is stellar!
when you literally skip the last dash orb but survive
GusDuck. Very good level :D
uh oh 4 days passed by ._.
Amazing :)
the dual has 2 bugs that really need to be fixed
hard and nice level
pass 001989
GG! :) 41 Attempts (On Phone)!
._.
RobTop, MOD me if I'm wrong but... isn't this level supposed to be epic? x)
what is that timing at 29
begging for daily is worse than begging for a rate imo so stop pls
oh yeah this was hella fun :)
right at the part where it said u got this bro i died
dual glitchy
level too ez for insane 8 stars
Weon Que 1 Intento!!
YES! YES!
achrotone
gameplay belongs on a baboons backside
Really dont like all the super scalehacked stuff, but still a really solid level. Sent!
spinach 12
sp
Absolutely terrible gameplay
can definitely see the micosta gd influence in this one
I am going to assume this is one of your "built entirely out of spite" levels
Unique stuff
I thought that said "spinach" and was prepared for a food level what is wrong with me
looks really cool though visually confusing. the arrows certainly help a lot though
VC GANG
Unique
oh yes
interesting use of block
Bad gameplay, confuse, bad song, i dont like the decoration, so much timing, insane 8 or 9 dude
shitty as hell
Demasiado Confuso
I like   l ev el
dark ligth got rated
Transistions suck
l i g t h
This should be featured and maybe daily, well done!
No me creo el Featured GRACIASSSSS
so many blind transitions
featured webonnnnn al finnnnnn, arriba Cubaaaaaaaa
Not bad
si se pudooo 
a pretty unorigional level, but what do you expect from a level with a title thats spelled wrong
more like horrible disgusting transitions
epico amigo te rifastes con la decoracion eres un buen creador :) and please like ( ' V ' )
No te debo nada :v
amazing transition :l
Habia una vez un Mamut Chiquitico...gg gracias por la dedicacion....
vastante Bueno :3
GGGGG RANN0X TU PRIMER FEAT CNKDDLDOXLXL
transitions at 48% and 71% were a bit sudden but good level
light    lite    ligth
krasota)
Noobs: Go chEcK oUt mY LatEst LeVeL
i wonder where i've seen a level with this concept and name before
Well, I guess I have to play this one
somethimes I dont understand robs difficulty rating system
:((((
very good tbh. i love how smoothly the structures move, and the colors actually blend nicely xD NICE
this level is probaly one of the best it has a simple style and nice gameplay 11/10! good job!
I died to an invisible thingy. I was not prepared :(
Diria Wow, pero como soy un gato... miau.
FEELS LIKE A 1.9 LEVEL
63-100 had the best colours by far, but i feel like the black and white went on for a bit too long
nice, gg.
i like how the begining of the level is sour patch watermelon color
i died at 98 four times and 99 once
The song and level, I love it!!
i push my fingers into myyyyyyyy EYEEEEEEES
:(
Fun! like the thought put into the effects
What the hell happened here? lmfaooo
i find secret way in 96%
Muy bueno amigo!
IF GET 100 LIKES MY MOTHER WILL BUY ME A NINTENDO SWITCH :D
<3
Like for a free empanada :)! 
You already know everyone tried to jump for those coins in the cutscene
brutal!
you already know its good when there is a cutcene
Una Maravilla!! Es Increible :DD
pass 03510
like = Izhar should be "MOD"
Izhar el mejor creador feliz
100 LIKES AND I DELETE TIKTOK ON MY SISTERS PHONE AND REPLACE IT WITH GEOMETRY DASH
Buen nivel, bro.
Deja Tu Like y te regalo una empanada
1 like = 1 dia menos para la 2.2
quien vino por el video xd
that got epic so fast
LEGENDARY NOT EPIC
I'm jumping lol
he's jumping lol 
gdscc winner
The last thing i was expecting was a dorabaebasic remake, and i actually kinda like it lol
back when you could actually sight read levels
Old levels never get old, Dorabae's levels never get old. :^)
If only dorabae was still playing this game
Besides that, cool remake!
Nobody noticed the camera movement
Your quirky style lends itself increidbly well to a remake like this.
fixed the pad
dorabasic is the best creater EVER!! im brobubley going to det dislikes for saying that tho ):
very refreshing
i was waiting to anyone to do a remake of dorabaebasic7, so good
Cant wait for Hyper difficult 7
Recuerdan a Dorabae?
was this made ironically
Dorabae flashbacks intensifies
i miss dorabae..
Dorabae ._.?
cool
this is really cool
I liked most of the gameplay, but visuals could be more interesting
Nice backgrounds! I dont see why this shouldnt be rated.
Really cool backgrounds
Wooow,rate please this level!!!
this is a really good level i wish i could create. im getting there
Incredible
this is epic and not lag:D
wtf how are you improving this fast
Like =D
i love how your logo is just "S" lol
this took longer than expected
gg
exelente nivel :)
3 att
buen gameplay y buen arte bruuuuh
Love the movement and the decoration :3
acu
GG! The gameplay is very fun!
gg
 
GG :)
LETS GOOO <333
pass: 220720 awesome level btw
this is not medium demon
Very cool!
Everything about this is so good, this has a very high chance of winning. GG!
It is such a beautiful thing doing effects apart of designs. Expect me in the future with more!
I saw this featured at first time, damn thx Rob :o
well done!
and it just feels like its own. Also, it's very clustered and crowded up (2/2)
Dislike all you want, but I agree with this not placing. It has no resemblance to the original (1/2
THIS level should've win... F for both of you
How did this not even get top 10 in the contest wtf
damn.. this is at LEAST top 3
GG! 233 attempts :)
WHY ISNT THIS HARD DEMON
YO
@UraniumFractal that's the weirdest thing I've heard for a while. So I can't even say my best work?
This is more of a hard demon
i have aqcuired speedhacks
not bad!
Amazing! although this does feel a little empty
this level need rating and get daily map
YOU SHOULD BE GET RATE DUDE THIS IS REALLY EPIC and beautiful :,)
yo this is rate worthy
gg 1 att cool lvl )
GG
awesome level! 1 att mobile, star grinding :D
Nice! The fireworks are cool
muy lindo el nivel mas la musica :)
Good! :)
3500 stars :D
GG Very Nice :)
GG
gg
nice level, gg
GOOD LEVEL :)
gg 1 att lol so good level, wtf is this not epic?
gg que buen nivel 
I love it
No its not... I mean... maybe..
Like if Rob should add a thing that shows if the player is online or not.
well, its a daily level i guess
GUYS I DONT HAVE A GF IM A GIRL
Rubrubrubrubrubrubrubrubrub /rubrub
Same opinion, looks outdatd (2.0 designs and moves) and empty, but star rate worthy. :)
thats it!!! im quitting geometry dash!!
YOU SUCK AT MAKING TRASH LEVELS
If you are reading this you have a 50% chance to get 2 cp now :D
i hate getting all political and shit, but wtf is cheese
IT MY BIRTHDAY
5 Likes For My Password
Peppa pig? Oh, sorry thought you said peppered bacon.
like this comment for 1 demon key
RabbitWarren is the kind of person to pretend to choke on food so he can kiss the man giving CPR
If you cant comment, feel free to drop a like
Another level from you! I still remember Anubis Secrets from the recent tab!
SAVE AS is the scariest and saddest level in gd. change my mind
hi draken, and better you dont jazz
like my comment or you will be homless 
GG! Mucho glou B)
This is really nice! Nice song choice too, gives me nostalgia because of Neon Rider :)
Yeah! Thanks rob!
Pretty cool colors! Those transitions could be better, but the deco and movements are great! :D
Standards are not too high. They are too inconsistent.
epic :) easy demon
Fun to play! : )
GG! :) 47 Attempts!
Buen nivel :)
Nice level! :)
Actually really nice, I like the creative choice of gameplay and the cool movements :)
This song brings back memories (aka nightmares) of IMPACT X
Counting since 7 months for this level, Amazing!
Amazing level, super fun to play with a good classic song :)
great level! took me way too long to siteread. GG!
really cool ;)
Some transitions can improve, but it's an amazing level. | Send to Mods. 8)
There is a secret way at 54%, you should fix that :)
GG! Really nice gameplay :)
bruh @koop lmao
I love the ideas used in this level. So nice
Slope gameplay = always buggy
tysm for all the positive words <3
OMG MY FIRST CP
Finally got first on the leaderboards of a rated level! Nice level but straightup evil coins. GG!
Not bad but the gamplay needs work. Imo, keep working and improving that style, this is cool! ;)
Lol featured now GG
very good deco but cancer gameplay
no
I have died here 3 times now ;-;
Seems like everyone wants the pass. The pass is 057544
yo fyre congrats on cp
Dont cry about the coins, if you dont want them dont get them. He worked real hard on them. Yeah.
is this supposed to be fun?
Finally done, I was going to beat it 3 months ago but didn't want to deal with these monstrous coins
the reflection effect is epic
In conclusion, go for it, just pretend the coins don't exist lol
GG! All coins! 600 attempts (114 old), demon #1010 :)
pog 10000 downloads :D
should be featured :)
Some parts have interesting block designs but level overall feels empty and not really comfortable
block design is really clean, but some of it could be more lively
gg, 92k stars!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! uwu
second coin is at the last cube part
omg gggg!!!
nobody murder me but color mash when. its honestly a phenomenal level tbh
nice level, feel like the song choice is kinda lacking, something more atmospheric would be better
congrats Mecha
MEHCHADBOFJT
last part is pretty smooth
Yoo GGG
Congrats on your first CP! :D
DUDE YES GGGGGG
Many first creator point people. I likey
gl with first featured level
AMAZING! I hope you get ur first CP from this! 
h
Congrats! :)
GG! :)
savior a pp
i am not trying for rate level... please understand
Who knew that getting CP was easy as pi?
Nice! :)
Gerald doesn't really have a style, but each level has unique aspect in it, which is super cool
Gerald Brown is hiding his last name. I had identified him as Gerald Brown Topala
THE POINT IS, he isnt "cp grinding" and i support gerald and his levels
Also, it's Rob's decision on what's rated or not. CP grinding isn't theoretically possible.
community: nooo u cant make levels that fast       gerald: hahe editor go brbrbrbrbrbr
gerald is like the mini jayuff, he is super creative and he can build almost anything he can thinkof
         geraldbrown
Gerald, if you create for fun, you have my respect
2021 Gerald hits 1000 cp
yes! there is effort
Geralds inspired me that I should just do what I like for fun, while taking it seriously
@notfine He deleted 1 level which didnt have a pi name
THE COOLEST
I love gerald's levels, he has no style, he changes it up everytime. I love it.
gerald is a damn legend
imagine being so pissed that you write death threats on a 2$ game because you don't have what u want
-because the more time you spend on a level the better it will look
I love the creative gameplay, but the deco feels very lacking, sent regardless. :)
Bro why are you on magic you have 80cp. Good level tho. I love the consept
2 semanas y por fin llego el epic :3 top 7 owo nice level bro :3
not exactly feeling like im in limbo, feels just kinda bland
Thanks golden :3
quien viene por Stivenelvro
I GOT THE LAST COIN BY ACCIDENT IT SCARED ME SO MUCH LOL
quien esta aqui por el stiven el vro
COOL ! Original gameplay ! :)
Really cool concepts
80k stars, GG! :)
I forgot the third coin so I purposefully died here
like si esto es hermoso (^^)
Wow, nice july :)
cool idea but very boring
gg :D
d e m o n
*G*
Good ;3
he really grindin' doe
really bad transitions, what the hell were you thinking
shit custom portals, how am i supposed to tell wave and gravity portals apart?
Portals are absolutely not readable and what is this beginning? Pls make a Custom Orb Off Trigger!
gamemode portal and gravity portal should be different, and the wave portal on dot part need d block
if the gameplay is bad, nobody will want to beat it
gameplay is arguably more important than decoration
yo.
yo.
this level is really good dont listen to top comments
5.hard level on hard challenge
agreed with top comment
love it!!
este nivel es uno de los que me llego al corazon :')
GG, cool. c:
Beautiful Level <3
awful
please add a "no custom portal" option
GG! :)
Horrible portals
not bad but hard to sightread
Awesome
Is this what happens when our muscles get stiff after we die
shoulda been 3* cause it's the pickle face
picle moty and rick
OMG
I disabled rainbow, but Im still gay.
can't we just talk about that this is unironically a good song?
Did you know Rick and Morty are Emmet Brown and McFly from Back To The Future? 
i wish my level names were this good
let's be honest, none of us expected this when we clicked play
ok morty we are going to *burp* play this level
as a rick and morty fan i approve
like this comment if you like the lvl
pickle morty HOW
holy crap it's the scientist guy from fortnite
Cool
i shit you not he turns himself into a pickle
funniest level ive ever seen
you son of a b* im in
why is this level strangely beautiful and sort of emotional lmao this kinda hit me weird
proof autonick is a bot, he now talks like viprin like "Cool. :)" "Nice. :)"
Saying that, implies that Viprin is also a bot. :eyes:
Cool. :)
makenzy noob
Terraria be like
140,000 stars. GG! :)
i baked you a py
terraria pylon
I have spotted a Terraria reference
manteks loh
mante
GG All coins. For coins: Collect 3 collectibles at: 12%, 39%, & 84%.
epic  levl
GG! 109,000 stars :)
huinya
sweet
:yum:
how is that a hard
GG.
love the atmosphere
Impressive level Sgam and Dyzex! :D
hey you, yes you,if you're reading this, i hope you stay safe in this pandemic
#Una comunidad feliz <3
just... why. why do you make bossfights with zero indication?? disliked
Sgam, Dyzex, hermoso el nivel ^w^
Starts great, it kinda lowers its quality on later parts though. Anyways, I'm sending this for sure.
GG All coins. For 1st coin: Tap at 29%. For 2nd coin: Go up at 79%- 80%.
For 3rd coin: There's a collectible at 68%.
I had to read the title again to make sure I didn't see what I saw again lmao
the funny number
Que bien quedo!!! Gracias por colaborar conmigo ^W^
pretty tough to see where you're going, but nothing feels too unnatural
2000 star gg :D
f_ucking b_ull_shi_t
Epico inicio 
There are more than 2 taps in this level
Very cool colaboration :D
The visuals make the gameplay hard to read, but I love the colors. :)
owo esto esta muy bien owo
Two LexY Taps
Roses are red, violets are blue, Putin is watching you
it's a wave level
mi russkie s nami bog
zdarova
This is Revolution
boshe, rebyat... ya skidival Dorami ves tekst s perevodom i on znaet o chem tam poetsa ._.
tipichnaya reklama pablika v vk
i can't see the wave part
AXAXAXAXAX AXYEHHbIU MEM!!
blyaaa syka zalaykate shtobe americosi dumali shto ya shtoto klasnoe napisal
ToJIbKO PyccKue I*IouMyt
Nice death effect.
pass: 060720
Putin Circles
Na death effect ya eshche ne drochil
First lmao
Putin RA SI YA
gg!
Whose here before rate?
At the beginning of the level there is a button that removes the screen of death durning the game
hey look guys, a level dedicated to kim kardashian
clickbait i dont see the plastic girls
plastic tits
Wow a level dedicated to my stepsister
Im a barbie girl... In a barbie world!
To get the coin, touch the boxes in the wave & the mini wave will be buffed & you will see the coin
Barbies
plastic girls are frecking barbies
Insert "Barbie" joke
Oye nada mal :)
FEATURE OR EPIC OR RATE
Remember guys, this level uses a 'Not on Newgrounds' song
pass is 360360 like pls
bro plastic girls are my fetish
cool, but nothing stands out and i really don't get what the name has to do with the level itself
haa
Plastic Dasher Girls ^_^
Nice GG
weird title and end is boring but other then that pretty cool
Felicidades amiga owo
GG With coin. For coin: fall down at 74% at the question mark.
If only i could just FORCE ROB HERE and rate this so BAD > : (((
whay the hell
.o.
what is killing me???
at 65% theres an invisible yellow pad that your supposed to jump on to get enough height on the gree
... green jump orb. pretty annoying bug but the rest of the level is decent. not the best gameplay
I like ya cut G
Don't put invisible jump pads/blocks.
Awesome :)
I've died at 70% at least 8 times. Please fix.
:B
Impossible
35600 Stars!
like if here before mods
Really nice! :)
Awesome!
Cool, 32 attempts :)
.
who
this dude doesnt even know hes getting rates rn
big time rush
oh hey its the guy who made unknown seas
make it count play it straight
I actually found this level because I'm following you :v
1 like = 1 more mod sends this level.
he got 3 cp in 5 minutes and I got 3 cp in 2 years
A great level <3
people judge you for a hammer and wrench symbol on your profile, let that sink in
this guy made unknown seas?
Please rate more of CapaXLs levels
rob just go through his whole level list, nothing stopping you
GG! This level hurts the eyes a bit ,XD
just imagine rob keeps rating his other levels
this guy comes back to gd to see his quests comeplete and his dms flooded
ON RECENT LMAO
Despite looking outdated, this level has some personality. It also plays well.
because someone took Poptart yugugyyhghggyghhgghgghgghggghvuygjygjhghhgghvhg
this guy is amazing
i think we cant expect a certain type of level from creators,it ruins the idea of making what u want
recent tab and very good level just add ldm and your levels should get rated by rub rub
Duales desvalanceadas, gud nivel :^)
The duals are definitely the spotlight here
Es bellisimo <3
Best Dual Ive seen for a long time for sure!
GG! :)
you can skip the first green orb pls fix
medium demon D:<
Fun :)
GG! :) 73 Attempts!
insane?
o: <3 me encanto...
dang those duals are good af
cool drop 
GOD!!! WHY NOT STILL RATED LEVEL DESERVE TO RATE DEMON!
omg que buen nivel obiamente RATE 10/10
amazing :]
IS AMAZING
esas duales uffff
este me gusto mas xd
idk how this works
this went to confusing really quickly
Okay guys, at some point, you have to memorize shapes that are from 2 turns before
Pic 13 and 24 showed up as blank but other than that things seem fine
cool ig but feels harder than hard 5*. probs saying this cause i have bad memory, but still
This is literally impossible for me, should be rerated to 8* at the very least ._.
definitely not 5*, can do this with a paper and pen, but too much effort. might get back later
It's really cool but sometimes the images don't match the correct answer after I get 1 wrong
thx for nerf
What went through your mind when you thought someone could do this without using paper?
it broke then killed me.
Thank you for fixing the level
memory is cool and all but this is too far
(also idek why would RobTop rate this thing, almost make my lvl become a disaster)
Srsly this lvl was made was intented to be fun, but RobTop rating system just ruined it all...
garbage
Updated. Also I'm sincerely apologize for everyone who tried to beat this level in the old ver one.
what??????
This updated version has been nerfed from 48 to 30 levels, so it'd be a lot easier for a 5* level.
My braiN
Hmm, seems like the slope at 4% doesnt work in 2.2. Anyone else having problem there?
rob i think you should let me try it on 2.2 i can fix it trust me xoxo
the fact that rob just said the slope doesnt work in 2.2 that means he has it... Give it to us!!
robtop with his first-world problems be like
dont you think its cool that rob uses a 2.2 beta while were stucck in 2.1? I think its fascinating.
ANOTHER old rate thank you
Rob literally flexes on us peasants stuck in 2.1. Actually insane
robs comment confirms 2.2 is almost ready
I just noticed the title, as a duck I approve :salute:
hey robtop when is 2.2 coming for mobile????
Awesome high quality level with an even higher quality description
we're not even in 2.2
Imagine we've been in 2.2 all along xD
No, slope isn't working in 2.2..... Maybe... idk i haven't got 2.2
SlOpE wOrKs In 2.1
WELL THATS A PROBLEM ROBTOP CONSIDERING WE DONT HAVE 2.2
Love the design so much! :3
I havent seen a single duck... My disappointment is immeasurable.
everyone: nooo! you cant just flex on us because you have 2.2!! robtop: haha flexing go brrrr
yey 666% ;d
nice ass
CP really doesn't mean anything, if your level is good to you that's all that should matter
where did this CP argument even come from. Its literally just points. We create for fun, not fame
yes. Our team creates for fun, not cp.
Thanks rob for Featuring it!
I'm sorry, but we don't just build levels for CP, we create the for fun.
I like how no one complained about my part yet lmao
Hello, just another Ardent member here ;)
really glad i hosted this! thanks for playing everyone :D
Why yall hating? We just want to have fun with this game. Ardent has much bigger things planned.. :)
I agree with Askeo, more than half of our team doesn't have cp.  We create to improve.
rob should take away all achievements for cp, it undermines the true purpose of the editor
gg
Nice work guys at ardent!
AYY RACTI U DID IT
i am a part of this team and we do not build for cp just like everyone else who said it
woooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!! ( I HOPE IT BE "NEW" DAILY SOON...this is amazing GG'S MAN IM PROUD
GG! Pretty bad gameplay and transitions :/
@magestorming shut up and mind ur own business
not bad
fed the cat a potion and it didnt turn into an anime catgirl 0/10
Gotta agree with ThatKai ngl
Hampsters do not eat rocks..?
Feed ViPriN creator point
Imagine an extreme demon with this style
No one in the history of history has requested 3 stars and got 2, it's always the other way around.
Anyway, I really like the concept, and it's done well. The font looks weird when fading out though
this is like the first time ive seen a level rated 2* when it was requested 3*
fr*ck yes!!!! gg on doubl digit cp
imagine dying by not feeding your pet.
Slimes don't eat gel, that's cannibalism
"oh yeah im making my 10th cp a demon itll be so cool" Also Xyris:  F E E D T GHE PET YHE COREDT ITM
"video games cause violence"
the bird is a trick question. feed it the log.
my grandma completed this level .gg
So Slimes are basically cannibals? K good to know
GUYS pls dont give ur bird a log                  pls
Nobody:     me: feed egg to fish
NO HABLO INGLES :(
failed this twice because idk wtf a hamster eats
man all my friends keep getting rates :))))()))()())
Lapis sent for feature!
dont rate beg lol or i will stab you with a fork
You can drink a drink, but you cant food a food
THANKS ROBTOP!!!
Cool :)
usually don't like most modern levels. but this one is actually good
Toyota Corolla
Would like to have seen more than one color in each part, but this is really neat!
16,000 Downloads and 2000 likes!!!!!!
22k!
plumon  :)
:(
Cool concept.
man just searched recent :/
Ah yes, I love seeing a cube jumping around in my box of crayons.
1500 likes?!?
bonitos bg
I'm really sad that this is not 3 stars. It's so easy!
You are the only player i've seen that's actually been here since when Geometry Dash first came out.
i hate my live lol
Dam boi peppa got swag
pls dont look at this comment 
terima kasih :)
featured but not epic
bro peppa scared me and i died :(
I've been trying go make it a good level
Like for GD , Dislike for Fornite
i bought groceries from the supermarket
thank you :)
why did you do it, I died there 3 times in a row >:(
Esta nice broo pero a cheed el lag :)
Congrats on your first cp! Really good level all around, though some transitions need work :)
lag: nice a cheed 
it is okay :)
I want to get featured :,
GG! Nice! :D
pepa pig killed me
Dont Worry...Be happy :)
pig
If this does not become top comment i will become liquid oxygen
THANK YOU GUYS :DDDD it didnt get 2* so that means i have to make another 2* level :^)
10 likes and featured?!
pass is 888888 i want your like!
coins - 14% 43% 97%
me when i find a good recent level
that was a really amazing level. keep it up
{reupload}
Water is the way of life.
They are really warm!!! (Star achievment)
GG =) 74500 stars 07/08/20 20:05  
can see this getting rated, me likey
Love
so atmospheric
GG 3 coins
Amasome work! :)
Great map
gg 800 stars
ty for free coins. also gg and very cool lvl
ok, that level its just PERFECT, good job!
Screw the awarded page, me and my homies use the recent tab
This is sooo cool. It would probably count as Epic
I love how when i wasnt recording, i did rly well, but then i started recording and i was trash xD
Like this comment if you love Creos music!!
Yeeting my way to feature
We've come so far in this game. I'm glad to have been a part of it ;)
finally, a level that has: creo - endless
give me ldm
Very nice, backgrounds seem to pull everything together. Not sure how this didn't get epic.
please add ldm, i am suffering on mobile lol
 This level need LDM. is advise
WHY DO YOU BELIEVE ONLY FAMOUS PEOPLE AND DON'T NORMAL PEOPLE? AM I A JOKE FOR YOU?!!!!?!!?!?!!?!
GG, 14.8k stars!!
aaaaaaa my phone lag
Damn, how is this not epic
This is such a well decorated level. Loved it!
GG
gg awsome deco
Really good
1att, really nice!
Ok, so if this comment get 5 likes, i will make uldm for the last part
lag even with ldm :/
GG All coins. For 2nd coin: Go up at 57%. & For 3rd coin: Go up at 96%.
ok lets get this over with and make this the top comment 
Imagine getting a featured level but not spelling the title correctly
Nice looking level but next time don't make coins invisible or put them in an auto section :/
pass:963751 :>
SIX LIKES AND FEATURE????????? XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDXDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
LAG MASIVO!
GG on feature dude!
Tried something different 8)
love skyward swords, one of my fav games to this day
LAG ON MOBILE :(
so laggy
2K Stargrind Challenge (Total Stars: 1265)
Mhmmm....
hmmm.... GG!
Yay rated! :D
1st Coin: Dont hit the red orb 2nd: uh idk 3rd: y u still here ? but press like :) GG ->
omg lag
i wanted to use this first :(
Too hard for 5 stars but too easy for 6. What have you created!?
GG! All coins, awkward gameplay :)
wow epic song 10/10!! gg :^)
When Early 2.0 gets featured in 2020 :
I like this song ^^
Does this deserve rate too ___/\/\/\___ No seriously
I moved the black head at the first cube to make the gameplay more readable. Thx for the feedbacks.
i hear geoxor,I C L I C K !
there is no bugs. its called timings dumdums
start pos fixed. sorry all :(
Reverse STOOOOOOP.
T'es rapide pour creer des niveaux
Finally, someone uses this song!
oh my god please remove the face at the cube it literally blocks 50% of the level or add an ldm
masomenos despues del 79% el layout es caca de resto ta bonito :3
GG! 10 Attempts. 80% is very confusing
this is so annoying. creators today cant get enough of putting black glow over orbs. 
lmao what
Yes, perfect. I totally aimed for 69%.
assing
Pretty good, try to fill the space more and use more colors in the future.
like
assing
you would expect an ass getting cp
ASSING BACK AT IT AGAIN
Did you know? 70% of all statistics are made up on the spot.
Assing is a great creator
pense que habia acabado cuando decia excelent y solte el mouse xd, pero no mori, me lo rushie xd
oreoid is fat and obese and ugly! :D
i love electronic night by assing
featured robtoppppp
Really nice! I can see this being daily.
assing
mom look!! check out this level by a creator named 'assing'!!!
Hey this level is pretty neat!
mans died to breathing this is so sad
the golden should be weekly that would be funny
I FACETIMED FIDGET SPINNER MONSTER AT 3AM (GOT SEXUAL)
DivertidO ^u^
a s i k  cp lagi
Thanks Lapis-kun <3
namanya kebut tapi isinya lambat njir
Nama level : Kebut       Level : pelan
pass is 545889 :3
cuma 3 hari anjay
awas ada polisi jangan ngebut.
Good Job Gafen! ;)
ok
mana ga kebut anjir
Cool :)
gambut
like for kebut dislike for pelan!!
t amo
How was this made in 3 days?
Robtop doesnt know which levels belong in the hall of fame
bagus anjayyyyyyyy :D
noob level begoo harus nya  cepet woiii
9 months ago i got 800 stars from this level and now im almost at 3800
Que aprecio en sus niveles, con semejante piezas de musica.  8)
could we get some demons today? :)
whats worse is that it used the same song as good dreams, so much for "creativity may seem limited-
GG! :)
WOW! GG 2ND FEATURE!!!
your levels are so chill, its great :)  gg
102nd place :D
gg
all 3 coins 1 att
amazing good level GG :D
Rip demon rates
congrats on feature :)
amazing!
i predict a feature
lol the level matches my icon colors
decent
gg 3 att 1 coin nice lvl!
1000 stars omg GGGGG
am i late?
GG :3
gg 2 att
Fun fact: The amount of characters in this level is equal to the amount of GD players with a GF.
epic
secret way at 100%
@clique only the original empty name by nasgubb was good
is this the new naming trend?
There are a lot of comedians in the chat posting empty messages, very original, as well as hilarious
blank titles are no longer clever or funny
Japanese
 
duuude thanks for naming the level after my dad
  
This is very kawaii =w=
                               
 
  
 
       
 
 
                                                                                         ths is dumb
Neat to see some experimentation. You should try to push your limits more. :)
this just feels like its from a super inexperienced creator
undeserved rate
how is this even rated?
I GIVE UP
making such garbage gameplay should be a criminal offense
me a noob
@911 never gonna give you up
Calm down with the shifting platforms
gg, 28.7k user coins
every platform moves just as im about to land on it, might aswell play with my monitor off
looool found it on recent tab
fix this gameplay PLEASE
Deja de crear niveles por favor
gg w 2 coin but horrible gameplay tbh.
You have got 2 of your levels right next to each other on the trending page. That is impressive.
i should try do the same but on a PC 
So good!
bad lvl didn't like it
Like this, if you played it before it got rated        >
like for sirhadoken dislike for viprin
Comment flagged as trash                                  [throw]
Just a fun level, sorry for the ending! I hope you all enjoy non the less! <3
GG All coins. For 1st coin: Jump over the lower platform at 12%.
For 2nd coin: At 52% tap the blue jump ring slightly late. Thanks to AX7520 for the coin guide.
Like For SirHadoken
Coin 1 : 12%, jump from the edge. Coin 2 : 52%, time blue orb late and skip black orb. Coin 3 : Free
SirHadoken..... I Was Expecting A Top Liked Comment.
SirHadoken I'm Waiting For Your Comment...
Amazing level! Keep up the great work :)
10000th download
first ship section is hot asf
I can assure you, it is not impossible 8)
ggs (rebeat due to reset)
very good level <3
Wow! I got here when the level was at 7 likes! No doubt in the next 5 hours it will be a 100........
Aariiyu by SirHadoken
breh
it is not inposable i made than 1st tried it
Spkale, Spkale, Spkale II and now we will Sirhadoken levels
GG bad gameplay!
OMG YOU HAVE FEATURD LVLS IM A FAN
lol yo SG xD
Thanks rob!! :D <3
LET SGO
this is a cancerous and trash gameplay level, the design and everything else is great, very clean.
Below do you have Horseshit? I want to yeet it at the creator.
omg :0
omg :0
The fvcking gameplay is so bad
pro
GG :) 12,000 stars
govno ebanoe
Design is really good
the gp really isnt that bad i got here 1 att
the end is good! why is the beginning so bad!
spex needs an epic
the level looks so good but the gameplay is so sh1t it upsets me what a waste
PANGIT NG TRANSITION MO HAHAHA
SPEX
am i the only one who sees percent go 10% 9% 10%
It's because there's a mirror portal there, those are buggy for some reason
look can be improved but i like the small gameplay ideas ! | sent
good work gerald brown
Can't criticize the design if there isn't any
10%, 9%, 10%                   (wait! What just happened?)
I just want to clarify that I didn't intend for this to get rated. I didn't even request stars
the percentage bar jumps around because mirror portals cause the percentage bar to decrease a bit
Mirror portals are so unused nowadays that people don't even know about that
why does it go 10,9,10?
122,000 stars, gg
Very creative
Ok, I know most of you guys died here
wow, the concept is very original, 2 attemps ;)
GG. Don't tap anything at 38% so you pass the transistion at 42%.
GG :) very fun and original,for a 1.0 style,it's totally featured worthy :)
GG :v 
GG
?
l:
Neontition
Parti O_o
dope
this feels like the kind of level rob would rate 3* back in the early days of 2.0
noooo partition
this level is a gem
FUSHIGI! THE MAGIC GRAVITY BALL! 
GG =)  72900 stars 01/08/20 03:12  
Neonlex comment when lol
I dont have COVID. However, I've fallen, and I can't get up.
vv If he did, he probably wouldn't be a mod rn
este nivel es japones
Love it...
it said ldm would help me, it didnt -_-
WE'RE GONNA SHOW YOU HOW TO UNLOCK THE SECRETS OF FUSHIGI: THE MAGIC GRAVITY BALL.
i love this
Loved the Neon Part 
partition :o
too much lag =(
GG we got 2k likes now :)
Tommorow he has 15 cp
sorry for bad gp at drop part... hope you understand
find me on Discord ValkyrieMaster#3560
*You were filled with DETERMINATION*
It lacks air deco, but the backgrounds and designs are amazing, really clean! Sent to mods
This is like an Anime Opening lmao
these coins were so fun tbh
ValkyrieMaster gets his level rated faster than covid 19 spreads across the world
YES! I DID IT!
I had a little trouble seeing what happened at the dual but that wasn't bad
I ALMOST JUST BEAT A NINE STAR IN 1 ATT NOOOO
@zibra930 BRUH!!!!
easy mobile
GG! Very nice level =)
Readable Asymmetrical Dual? Im shocked :0
nope I like ithis level
GG! :)
but nonetheless legit one of the best levels ever, idk why not epic
The dual part is like hell
this level took me 40 MINUTES WTFF maybe because its 3am lol
I can imagine being named aeonair
imagine being named aeonair
Like this to waste a second of your life
mmmm level
Gameplay is super enjoyable until about 70%
the transition
reminds me of when someone said a nuke could stop a hurricane
That looks like a spider part instead of a mini-wave part lmao
GG! 20 attempts (done on stream yesterday so I didn't comment) :)
aeonair has no hair
Nice, but medium demon
super buggy medium demon
estupidos timing de la chucha
Hi Deactibver
password:161616 :)
bug at cube dual part
Medium demon  ( my opinion ) :000
One of the most enjoyable demons I have ever beaten.
323 Attempts w 3 Coins! I Genuinely Despise This Level, Mainly for the First Coin and Bugs!
So much harder than easy demon!
Imagine getting a featured level but not spelling the title correctly
i'll say it again, be more original
pretty nice!
For 3rd coin: You can hold at the end of the level.
You should try varying your style and work on better transitions honestly
Thank you Rob! :P
That transition... :(
Passed JonathanGoni, top 7. GG! :)
GG! :)
Why is the spider so difficult?
Oh cool 2 featured levels with the wrong spelling
phOEnix- a fire bird and a city in Arizona
GG
good design!
Y upsidedown ship after black screen aaaa
hey thats my city
GG!
dawg
gg
my favorite hard 5! :)
No, I will not practice first. 
That buildup to the drop really hurt my eyes, could ya calm down on the strobe lights please?
Writing "practice first" does not justify unbalanced gameplay
Bold of you to assume anyone has the patience to practice a 7* level
You shouldn't even need to practice a 7* in the first place
Pass 555666 Likes?
Try to be more original and maybe make your gameplays a bit easier to read in the future tbh..
you see the rated level ma
thanks for the epilepsy
This kind of gameplay does not belong in a 7 star, this is demon gameplay
not too bad
Intense black to white flashes are painful, why would anyone ever use them
anyone else think that when people use "practice first" it sounds arrogant? like jeez ok just stfu
featured :D
"practice first" or alternatively just dont make bad transitions
drunk robtop
91% NOOOOOOOO :(
perfect *8 insane
Gg :D would say its a 8 star level
why do modern levels always have to have these eye destroying strobe effects for a buildup
I hate to be the guy that says this, but rob should pay attention to creators without cp
not really 5 star... I think at least 6 imo. but overall the design and gameplay is cool and fun :>
I hate part ufo and ship. Sorry :(
But honestly the ufo is super satisfying when you get it down.
Nerfed the UFO. Sorry everyone.
like si amas a geometry dash!!
I just got memed
empty this is only star rate in my opinion but split needs to start adding more to his lvls
this level is not fun
unbalanced difficulty
finally a recent featured level with good gameplay- ok nevermind
i like this level... the orb gameplay was a great idea
yoo
amazing gameplay
This is 6-7* sightreading, but if you practice, it's 5*. GG mate, coin too. Honestly, I liked it
demon ufo and ship for a 5 star
54k stars! 20/02/21 at 2am lmao xD
i like the UFO part
34 att so unbalanced and annoying, should be 7 stars
"5 stars"
man, i love dislike bots
should be 8 stars
GG :) unnecesary timings,dual bugs,and bad transitions makes the gameplay a totally garbage
why make a day lvl in a day when u can make in in 3 :)
annoying
way harder than a usual 7* level , should be 8 imo
gg !
the 1 attempt andy
Update: added another coin at the very end :)
i dont think theres bots, no offense but i disliked as well, annoying gameplay. good design though
!!!!
Sorry for the bad gameplay lol
when did this get rated? i totally missed it lol
this is really cool! not just bc it was made in a day but, wow! ur amazing man
GG =)  72800 stars 31/07/20 22:14  
YOU GOT 8CP WHAT HOW
ayy
Hey GG On feature!
YOOO GG
GG JOHN 8 CP
Has a really nice charm to it with the pulses, and the gameplay is also great as usual, sent!
Why is a building called a building if it is already built
luigi woo walk
pass 622248 pls like :)
smash like with your middle finger, try it!
where the frick is tajiki, i havent seen him in a while
the day someone gets banned for saying furry or OwO is the day my life is complete
Can we please not have a trash top comment this daily? No like if comments. Just this once.
Alright guys, im gonna go do some other stuff, cya!
I think Robtop is holding the world record for longest time not updating a game
met monika at a convention once, she was surprisingly down to earth, and very funny
Guys please remember requesting your levels here counts as spam and can be bannable. 
xue hua piao piao bei feng xiao xiao
@DoubleHalycon You can contact me on Discord, Hunnie#0001
:3 my favrite games on Roblox r: Adopt me ^-^, Furry Fandom Hangout :3, and... Fur Fun Games UwU!!!
like for free cookies,                                                           totally not fake.
rip for everyone that had his birthday in quarantine (like me)
that is a good question oreoid
Like this to instantly become a ham sandwich
stop saying the C word before I have a stroke
for the cong.
for the cong?
Btw this has nothing to do with Goldens mirage, they just happened to come out at the same time
Realy fun :)
Tried also to make this a really well optimized level; it has around 16k objects total
pog gg on rate
ok other GG in 1 attempt :)
Not very original, but it's really interesting to make a level with such music! 
for the cong
1 att ,very cool level :)
g
Great Music :)
yeah~~
so nice.
GG :333
i love chill levels like these
hi
GG 4 Attempts :).
1 att gg. really fun
pov your playing recent hards
My man gerald went HAM dude wow
I'd love to see a gerald stream where he builds, I want to see just HOW he builds SO fast
Love how the transtion at 46% is basically impossible lol
i actually kinda like this one
Not bad; gameplay is really unpredictable, maybe work on that a bit? :)
This guy is going to be one of those people you HAVE to remember by in this game
officialy the last man on earth to have fun in the gd editor
Next: 746
i fix bug... srry high hz user xd
hi
All GeraldBrown's levels seem extremely rushed. Thats why he releases levels every day :/
I hate that this had to stop
To fix the 46% transition, just hold before you land :)
yo gerald what kinda drugs are you using. 
3.14159265358979323846264338327950288419716939937510582097
wow thanks you! ill be back another day i just need fixing level :(
Geraldbrown was like qwer
GG
GeraldBrown for Twitch.
:)
the clock at the beginning is faster than my internet
Very strange and unique atmosphere, i like it
Okay...It's just a very tasty pancake
net blyat pirozhki
tolko russkie poimut znachenie slova blin
Panblin
Woah what was in those pancakes...
Rob, thanks for ruining my mood again, even before my birthday
da v smisle...
oladushek
Waffle
Rob is weird when it comes to Epic autos for some reason. Anyways, gg on the rate :D
1 like = 1 Covid case cured
kto lubit blini?
what is that numbers at end? (1872 , 8314 , 1022)?
like if you like pancakes
ne blin a blyat'
awesome
(1/2) Numbers - are robot numbers. They were invented from the periodic table...
YA XOCHY BLINI!!!
i can't believe there's two of me
Really not a fan of the random black flashes. :/
Spkales mom didnt know she gave twins
how did you make this so fast? this song came out yesterday!
like this comment if you know minecraft
Good lvl, bro
bad generic level pumped out in a day for creo song :)
and here we go!first designed level with this song
@SpKale thats actually an 11 btw
syndgd by spkale when
Okay very smexy.
awesome
I'm still waiting for SyndGD by SpKale...
1 day?
transitions are bad
cool but transition could be really improved :/
the sequel we never knew we needed
SpKale revolution 2020.
@SpKale take the control XD
:)))
Only one week? Wow you did a nice level so fast <3
forgot to say that this was inspired by Jayuff and in a way, Knots.
Good morning
as someone who recently beat acu, this song gives me major PTSD. epic level tho
It's obvious that you've taken inspiration from some creators but it's not that bad.
when i first heard this song, this is exactly the type of level i imagined would go with it
nice!
Awesome level. Its a bit empty at times, but I dont care that much lol
Good job.
Still standing on this hill. RobTop you are a monster and you should epic this.
HERMOSOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Love this! Really nice as always, you are underrated as a creator :)
Amazing work !
amazing level! ACU MOMENT
GG! :) the ending gave me anxiety
Good Afternoon.
how is this not epic rated?
Oo this is really nice!
Good night, Ace. It was a very unique level coming from you. :bytheway:
this is a good level like if u agree
doRAmi
Not bad! Quality drops during the end tho (:
dislike kk
071106
For the coin get the keys starting at 43% and then in the next wave part go through the middle @ 74%
pagani,the italian automobile company
bad coin design
I love song :3
tiene muchos fallos.....la pura VERDAD..... ;_;)
GG! :D
ayy 1k likes, thanks a lot :D
YOOOOO DUDE GGGGGGGGGG
Coin: Collect 3 keys from 44%, 48% and 50%, the coin is inside the structure at 75%.
terrible gameplay
Awesome level you both made! But I died at 94%...
uf casi me mato en el final no me lo creo chaval que suerte tengo uff uff al primer intento :D ok no
GG
pass?
GG ON THE RATEEEEEE
paganini the nini paga
daily chat is not the place to talk about suicide
GG
Moses is the first person to use a tablet connected to cloud.
Don't joke on suicide, my cousin took his life a few days ago. :(
nsfw = No Spagetti For Waluigi
''Does this have chickpeas in it? Cause I'm allergic to chickpeas." Greg Heffley, 2007 - 2015
imagine the top comment just being a normal comment like "GG"
all right all right
look at the last 3 digits of the id of this level wtf
my dads on his way to pick me up, and he got the milk!
[Random text that nobody notices]
i feel like so many people here wanna make a cum joke but have never came or know what it is
Food technically never goes bad. Bacteria just eats it before you...
I had to flush 3 times gg
when coolmathgames gets banned from roblox
HOW
1 like = 1 air molecule
my dad kicked a halpmynamesucks in my face once.  it hurt
RobTop: i've decided 2.2 is coming out in 3 years         Everyone: this game sucks
yo girls can i smash . . .  yo head into a brick wall
Claim your ticket to travel in the city                            here
Really cool colors and nice designs, its a bit copy pastey tho
Okay Bruh If This Gets Rated Ill Make Omegebama IV :)
Sweet level :)
Pass is 363636(pls dont delete this comment ;-;)
really awesome
I love the random McDonald's sign at the beginning. Free advertisement for them
h
Amazing! :)
Mini coins at 3%, 7% and 28%. User Coin at 48%. GG
HOW
Bug Fixed At 78% (I just Moved The portal A few blocks away lol)
AO ma sei una tipa
by any chance is this sponsored by mcdonalds? lol
Ao
you never dissapoint, aerid. I love this!
Call the pineapple if you feel happy
Nice!
sweet
I cant see anything honestly
nuke really loves jayuffs ass
this level is made of level
imagine dying at 96% and then died at 98%
this make me jizz
Pretty interesting
65% transition is ass
I'm not sure how you managed this but this is incredible man! So well made! Congrats on finishing! 
Fluke from 3%, thanks, I love it
MY SISTER GOT IN THE DANG WAY
50 attempts (+ 1 coin). #1569
this is not a ez demon!!!
kanye west he likes, fingers in his ass
dOES He want feedback or a big mac?
holy shit demon rate in 1 day wtf???
design is really neat, but the ship parts are a little annoying and the 65transition could be better
GG! 108,000 stars :)
dont shit on a level just because you arent good enough to beat it. i thought it was fun :)
update: i nerfed all the timings. hopefully the level isnt too annoying now
nice!
GG! 14 attempts :)
Pretty solid easy demon.
Amazing remake Dangerkat :D
like si el feminismo moderno no funciona
ouuuuu
pass is 673154
Sick
Damn really sucks this wasn't finished in time. Honestly a beautiful masterpiece from you, great Job! :D
The Ship part is tight
like si guitar es calvo
demencia
GG! 9 attempts, the sync in this makes it really fun :)
i actually beat this in 7 attempts, but people gon dislike me cuz they think im lying. so gg 7(0)att
Fantastic level!
if you've completed Dreamy Abyss, you would easily complete this since the gameplay is identical
gg free demon
Awesome remake! | GG! 64 attempts :)
46 attempts
GG! :)
Use Discount Code "673154" To Earn A FREE Copy of This Level! LIMITED OFFER
GG 1050th demon :)
Interesting
Like = Demon, Dislike = Insane
xbox???
I hope this gets Featured!
RO B GET HERE AND FEATURE HIS
demon like if u agree
should be rated
like this comment or xbox gears will reveal your ip adress
some gp are really buggy. need fix
Super Fun and well decorated! I think it could easily get featured!
yoo this level is finally out :D
Edi Bakit May Xbox Saw At Hindi Naman Epic But Totally Good
Like if Buritto get plus 2 cp...btw i watched ur stream OwO
gg 1 attempt lmao
Getting Xender vibes from this...
Sponsored by Xbox
n i c e
took me 35 mins YES
some pretty clean structures with the design :)
lag :(
these names are concerning
like this comment if you have a house, a loving family, a decent networth, and are fed properly.
what does seduce mean?
Oh my god stop naming levels like this....
Can we stop with this creepy "seduce me" trend? This is Geometry Dash, not your fav fetish website.
i like the lvl but just plz dont name a lvl this idc how much aeon u watch
the game: 4+        also the game:
This level name is a bit "interesting" tbh
fun fact: this guy has 2 other levels with the word seduce in their names.
Bruh gameplay and not originaly decor, but not bad.
Dedicated to Crazen
boring level with awful name
i think its really cringey to make a level about your boyfriend doing nasty things to you
whos gonna tell gordoite
please modik im not ready
dedicated to robtop
I'd say we're getting to the peak of great level names
i hope bf means best friend
NOOO DONT GOOGLE IT
Im really not interested in watching Modik hook up with Depish
the
I TAPPED THE FCKING ORB btw good level :3
why does the first ship feel so heavy
Impressive <3 
GG! 25 attempts (done on stream yesterday so I didn't get to comment) :)
This song brings back haunted memories.
why is this still medium demon
My pc thinks im speedhacking even with low detail mode
beginning is a bruh moment
already rated yessssss
mobile friendly kappa :)
poggers
OK?
Buggy gameplay, poor balancing and illogical obstacle placement sadly made this experience awful...
i tapped the orb but i still died... maybe it because that orb isn't fcking? :/
gonna fix the thing at 81 soon, and idk where the bugs are so i cant fix the bruh
so many bugs
gamer moment
116 attempts
GG 53 Attempts! Died To the Last Spider a Few Couple Times more than I Should Have! :)
gamer test
Cool backgrounds! I think they would look even better with smoother easing though
like if im gay
Only 600 downloads? AND EPIC? Good level
nice, cute art lvl! :)
The wooden sign with arrow/smiley face dorsnt fit with the lvl style, otherwise really great lvl!
Cool work! very neat and clean
Epic level OwO
Really nice, gameplay is a little weird in some areas though :)
Like if you love this level!
potato
Like For Daily
really cool dude
too wholesome for me
So cute!
bright journey has been feutured
cool!!
i died by a cloud
It s honest level i seen UwU
gg love it
confusing but heckin cool
it dark out
robtop is choosing insane dailys to express his emotions about working on 2.2. he is insane.
gerald gonna overtake viprin in a month
gerald is the only constant in this harsh reality
geraldbrown poppin off
this has been my dream for very long.. thanks you all!! 
Good job Gerald
why is it so difficult for yal to be happy for a successful creator lol
the term "cp grinder" is HIGHLY offensive to unique creators, trust me
i got called a cp grinder during my rate streak and it's very annoying, respect creators :/
BRUH THIS MAN GONNA HAVE 100 CP IN 2021
Honestly I think the gameplay is some of Gerald's best, the only problematic part is the first jump
THANKS YOU FOR DAILY!! :D
dislike if youre awesome
doing your best to make good and unique content to get called cp obsessed is the worst
who cares if gerald is an alt? it should be about the level, not the creator
this gp is not very epic worthy, cool styling though
teacher: whats 2.1+0.1 RobTop: 2.11
creating for cp is like being an artist and painting for money imo
This is barely possible to sightread and it's not so playable. I know that sync is on point but...
the title is the opposite of what my father did
This was not playtested. You can skip many portals and orbs.
my god...
insanity
and that is not a 8* lvl at imo, its more like an easy demon
so i recieved lots of messages telling me about the secrete way. its now fixed ig
bad gameplay
GG! :) 64 Attempts!
Always Right
GG
impersonator
gg
Bad game play! But good colors <3
pass?
pretty cool design lvl, but gp could be more polished and fun imo
really well done, maybe work on the gameplay on the part at 21% though
gg first cp
maricon
Esta bastente bien, mi nuevo nivel favorito owo
I like this level, but its rly hard to tell whats decoration and whats gameplay
YOOO
oh my god 2nd place!!!
FEZ, remake of FEZ, which was based off of Fez. F*cking genius, man.
gonna fix up some stuff + upload video tomorrow, i turned it in right before the deadline lmao
Jirachi is exactly 1 foot tall, equivalent to the height of a football. That means I could punt him
long
its so confusing - what will kill me? wth wont kill me?
hope the design stealing issue is not a problem anymore, this level is actually marvelous
oh yeah i forgot i streamed building it once, wish i did that more, maybe for my next level :)
the trees dont kill you LETS GOOO
Not bad sp
the copy and paste is real
"indie game vibe" i think you're onto something there
i hope thats a joke
this has to be the most nostalgic level to ever exist in this game, fez is just amazing
200 iq coins
W
ah yes the aisan boi from the 70's show
like if u played fez a long time ago lol
Mods please send this :p
HOW IS THIS NOT RATED?!?!??!
I am going to bed
First XD
GG, Cool duals but kinda unbalanced. Love it otherwise!
So you're telling me a disgusting paper level beat this
Hi sminx
Congratulations on placing 2nd!! I really like some of what you did with this. GG!!!
Very cool! :)
has anyone ever experienced true pain
gameplay is a bit hard to read, cool theme and execution tho
yay
coole
GG! 168 attempts, I might be the first person to have died at 99% ;)
faithful
if this is insane demon imma play this all day long
its insane how they turned such a garbage level into this masterpiece
there is no proof that bugs have ears, so you can make fun of them and they wont care at all.
the deco is amazing the geameplay pretty good but oh my gosh it's so inconsistent
Awesome :>
If you manage to find any visual errors or gameplay bugs/skips, be sure to notify me so I can fix :)
du scheusslicher ich hab dir gesagt du solltest die scheiss wave parts neumachen und add ldm du hund
it does say extinction, you would be correct
this gameplay is too annoying for an easy demon, alot of odd timings
no. this is not an easy demon. I don't even agree that the original is an easy demon.
Awesome level, I'm glad to be your friend and help you throught your journey, hope the best for you
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ILL ADD LDM LATER DONT WORRY
did you know that people call levels bad because they can't beat them themselves
if you dont want it to be easy demon then just upvote for medium :rolling_eyes:
could be a lot better but i really admire the growth youve had these past 9 months :)
a perfect remake. just as annoying as the original.
i will say that this is an easy demon imo, but since i made the level i should have 0 input lol
guys i actually straight up ripped off extinction sorry
i think it looks good but  some of the gameplay is annoying
10% of comments: love the lvl <3... other 90%: NOT A EASY DEMON!!!!
GG! 5 attempts to rebeat :)
Stop repeating already existing top comments on older weekly and daily levels
i have taken you to brazil, good luck
deleted every like if comment i found
das nice
:)
:D
0%~12% and 46%~71% is Lorenzo; 12%~46%, 71%~81% and 93%~100% is Bronks; 81%~93% Bronks + Lorenzo :)
Amazing remake of a legendary level, sent!
So many amazing levels entered into the contest. Awesome work! :)
ma non si dovrebbe dire come un folgore o sono io ostrogoto? in ogni caso  un livello magnifico
you two are crazy, this level is amazing
Are you italian?
sto qua ha sbattuto er muro della figaggine
Oi zio cqn
SO AMAZING THIS IS ONE OF BEST 1.9 LEVELS!!! :D
Pass: 180699 
Damn, great entry! The animations are awesome! :o
Awesome job :0
!
Wait, BRONKS DID THE LOGO ANIMATION, THE RUNNING MAN, THE ROSE PART AND THE SNOW?!? HOW
finalmente un italiano
Remake of one of my favorite levels of all time and you pulled it off so well! You get my approval.
mannaggia alla folgore
quale livello avete remakato?
Will do demons in a bit :)
:0
10 likes and i will go outside and run a mile
I really like this!
really nice!
great design, i love how you manage to get it that neat
Im about to slam my fuccing balls in a waffle iron, screaming racial slurrs at the top of my lungs.
Ten likes and i will beat bloodlust
FUN FACT : this is not a fun fact.
me when i lean to far back than expected in my chair and my life flashes before my eyes:
when i flush the toilet and the water starts rising:
tick tok bad! boooo! 1 liek = 1 tiktok delted!
pride month is gay, like if you agree
im having tacos for dinner
geometry dash
dislike if you're jacob again
pov you are being sent to brazil (mega cringe)
i forgot how great of a song Chaoz Fantasy is
get this more yrs than the ice age baby!
dont . ask . who . joe . is .
First coin trigger is invisible key in the beginning. 2nd is trigger coins. 3rd is invisible key.
3rd Coin: Jump at 83%, there's a hidden key there too. And you got all coins :))   (2/2)
1st Coin: Jump at 5%, there's a hidden key there. 2nd Coin: Try to skip yellow pad at 56%. (1/2)
lol nice
Livin' in the future.
nice on geting it rated:)
secret way toward the end
I was gonna make a square joke, but it was too edgy.
5% jump (invisible orbs/key); 56% don't touch (57% pad top); 83% jump (invisible key)
good gameplay
GG
GG
fun coins
GG
gg my fav level
gg
gg
Congrats on your first CP, nice modern level :)
secret eay 77% no click orb
Thx 3rn3stGD :)
ULTRAPOG
apex legends
Much better than the original, really cool :) Hope this one gets far in the contest!
Mozambique Here
why isnt the level name jeffery epstein
pro tip: dont celebrate too early -.-
Pass is 146789
Noice
like=geometry dash dislike= forntine
Like if you play APEX
you may as well rename this to " wingman and r99 "
GGGGG :))) Epic!
LiKe ThIs FoR a FrEe CoOkIe
Super accurate remake, man. Nice job :)
Congratulations on placing 9th. :)
Apex Legends isn't as fun as Titanfall 2, and if I get dislikes, I know you haven't played it.
make a uldm please it's laggy for me...
How is it laggy i play in a 6 year old ipad and it runs really smoothly
Apex child predator.
gg
thanks for the free 16 stars
Comment flagged as ham                                               [eat]
There are better levels than this one and they didn't get epic. This is so unfair ._.
DAILY AND EPIC ROB ARE YOU INSANE AAAAAAAAAAaaaaaAAAAAAAAAA
Comment flagged as juice                   [drink]
like for geometry dash dislike for fortnite
collab
98 x2
if you are reading this you are amazing person :)
eminem rapping to geometry dash main menu theme
Password is 427724 i guess
my heartrate is beyond normal-
HOW
uh uh yeah buhr skrrrrrt   mm yeah uh  
like if i suck
Yeah, this is not for a video, but I commented on yesterdays daily for a video. 
read this and like this it means you will have good luck in gd
I love refrigerators.
5 Likes and I will name myself to Simpinator. I am not kidding.
i microwaved my cat
Paperworld by TamaN by Nasgubb
Noice
low detail mode be like
coolio
ldm is better
If this gets daily, then Paperworld will be a level to have gotten daily twice..also poggers lvl <3
thanks guys its really humbling to be considered the best out of so many great entries, so cool
Congratulations on placing first!! This level is very nice!! GG!! 
Scatmans world by Scatman
Really well deserved first place!
goat
Did you know: the QR code seen at 18% leads you to Nasgubb's YT channel.
very pog
just gonna call it paperworld by nas
nasan
If Taman wouldn't quit the game, he could make a level "Paperworld by TamaN by Nasgubb"
Noice
Big nasgubb gaming
The way people are reacting to this winning is actually pathetic. This was the best remake imo.
Yoshi's Woolly World
Instant send
Go Moment!
so good
lol is lol backwards
Yeah I literally sent this after my first attempt this is incredible.
respect for making a death effect for every % of the level
sauce
pass is 696528 for anyone curious on knowing <3
anjay mabar level
Winner
Incredible decoration, extremely well polished, sent!
After months of work, me & LTG proudly presents to you our Volt remake. Hope you like it as we did!
Incredible
i'll drop my croissant if this doesn't get rated
The pulsing can be a bit blinding at times, besides that the movements and colors are pretty sick
FYI the randomizer for the death efx are usually buggy when it's laggy or while in practice mode.
I wish the gameplay were easier to read, but overall an amazing take on Kips style. Love it! :o
Gameplay video + comparison video is up on my YouTube channel, be sure to check it out! :D
we got honorable mention GG's to r4nger and me <3
I actually love this
do i even want to ask what that description means
I have to admit I liked a Depish level. Good job
i like this a lot! good work :D
very gank
tiktok bad
I love your new levels. You've improved so much dude!
That took 19 minutes longer than it should've
Theres a secret way at like 30% ish.  :(
Found in magic tab??
awesome
i will not gank you, but spank you
Of Course I Will Gank You
whats practice mode? never heard of it
the person under me is dumb
cool    :D
love that your trying new things
Ok i will gank you
the person below me thinks this is a really good level
kinder gank bot pls
I did not hack this comment, you can like it only 1 time. Try it.
Amazing work!
Amazing remake, very polished and has consistent quality, sent!
HELL YEAH!
Beautiful, design looks pretty worked and Iove that! :D
one of my personal gds cc favorites, awesome job!
Cheers, Lad.  Thank you for doing an awesome remake!
I want to say a big thank you to cry0 for helping a lot and sending much love to ml500 <3 cheers
Congratulations on placing 4th!! This was probably my favorite entry. GG!!
GG! 39 attempts, I wish I knew you could die at 95% before I did it in normal mode :(
Very nice. :)
Really cool level!
epic
Glad to see a second part of this masterpiece!
idk why you'd call a remake of an unrelated level a sequel to a level you made, seems strange to me
Also congrats on 4th place! Well deserved for sure, one of my favorites!
theres a lot of copypasted stuff early on, but the rest was so good! great job
still so pretty
This is a remake of what used to be one of my favorite levels. You did an amazing job recreating it!
FINALLY!!!!!!!
insane demon
If you are reading this comment than there is a 100% chance that you are reading this comment
Cool :)
why does virpin have the most generic comments lmao
I.did.not.hack.this.c0mm3nt.y0u.can.only.l1ke.it.onc3
if you are NOT reading this comment then there is a 1000% chance you never saw this comment.
like if your name isnt belle dalphine
Secret way fixed.
Guys, guys.... FunnyGame quit 4 years ago, and sold his account. The NEW owner is quiting.
1 like = funnygame back 1 dislike = you die
WHAT
Nobody cares if you played before rate.
Dad is back for his yearly visit, with an epic level
Quick! Form a circle around funnygame so he doesnt escape again!
REST IN PEACE FUNNYGAME! YOU WILL BE MISSED! :'( LIKE FOR LIVE DISLIKE FOR DIE. CHOOSE NOW!
1998 pcs in a nutshell trying to run GD:
like if you think some creators are quiting.
Bye FunnyGame. Thanks for making this community what it is :(
goodbye funnygame :(
He was unmodded due to inactivity, for anyone asking.
well... the last legend of funnygame... gonna miss ya :)
Thank You
balls in microwave
forgive and forget
absolutely love this <3
epic
GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG MY FRIEND
GG 3 Attempts :).
ggs should have more deco
nice
Congrats on your first cp! Nice backgrounds, try to use more movement next time :)
GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
7/10 I found some bugs
Only thing I would improve is the air deco. Otherwise, this is pretty nice
GG =)  73800 stars 05/08/20 02:10  
Nice art level. The BG seem a little static sometimes, but I like it. Sent to mods :)
this lvl was re uploaded 4 times, origionaly coming out in may, before addisons lvl
amazing lvl bro :D!
Well, it's not that great but congrats on getting your first cp :)
went into magic tab and i found this, so i went into editor and replicated the block design.
I lov this music <3
you've got balls of steel to use a mirror portal in your level
First
GGs. Love the way this level looks. Nostalgic, but looks sharp for 2.1.
based.
I think harder than Cataclysm. REALLY
When GD moderator releases level
there is no malding in this level. epic job
A New Bloodbath When?
Neat level, but god the gameplay D:
guys this is NOT a remake of cataclysm, it is a remake of "Another cataclysm", a different level
Pass: 123987
GG! 278 attempts, done on stream :)
Like Extreme demon.Dislike Insane demon.
A New Kappaclysm when?
Extreme demon.
Please do more than the cc entrys rob
and the lost existence by jonathangd!
much more annoying than the original.. I am sorry but it is how it is.
I'm here from 12 Demons of Christmas.
pog 
betty boop was a cartoon from the 1930's and this level has nothing to do with that cartoon
1ra coin 3%, 2da coin 45%, 3ra coin 69% LIKE :3
pretty cool not sure about the gameplay tho
Comfortable to play
YOU SUCK AT MAKING TRASH LEVELS
fun fact: babys are idot leeches the dont pay fvcking taxes
this level has nothing to do with betty boop
if this gets top comment ill use the lenny icon for a week. so like now.
Like if you have gotten the first coin by accident
i didnt see betty boop anywhere
1 coin: Jump at 3%, 2 coin: on 47% in the floor, 3 coin: on 70%
its realy hard to see,with all colors painted on :)
Can we have more levels with planet art that aren't auto or extreme demon?
so this isn't themed as a 1900s cartoon? ok
ez
Nope daily is the zinht level. thanks a lot for begging for it you got your way
GG! came here for the coins :)
GG! All coins! ;)
Good Level
i disliked comment below me
I like colors, gameplay could be better as well as transitions.
like for a beesechurger
like for a bamhurger
bruh how is "RobTop" and elder mod? he has no cp and hasnt done anything special for the game smh
Imagine being like, a juni simp
Good colors, but leaves a lot to be desired
Comment upload failed. Please try again later
well, another daily level, all i can say
james charles kissed you, like this comment to undo
1 like= 1 day earlier tik tok will get banned
Not bad, although I think the gameplay could be improved, deco is a bit empty, good job always!
If I get 10 likes I will do something.
Like if you would wear a mask that said     Helth
lets face it 2.2 will come out keep dreaming
@Coasting Thanks you UwU <3 so nice burger
LIKE FOR H A M
yeah sorry but serponge is in a different league, we can all agree on that
welcome to daily chat aka h e l l
Like if you hate stupid character limits
Minecraft bees are fat. Uh oh. The bees are coming for me. There is only one thing I should do. KILL THEM RN!!!☆
song name please???
Like for Manix, Dislike for Manix, Ignore for wargack
hobby boat
5% am I good? 
pogging rn
GG :)
Good stuff man
Congratulations on 3rd place!! This was really good. GG!! 
:oooooooooooooooooohhhhh:
pass: free like so everyone can see
chungus unleashed
I beat it
ITS OVER. ARMAGEDDON 100%. FIRST MOBILE VICTOR. LETS GOOO
Luigi = Cute
this is quality
Tbh this looks nothing like the original. Great level, just not really a remake
manix648boggerds
Best level using this song.
poggers
New extreme demon by Manix648, Cataclysm 2020.
epilepsy warning
please fix your transitions, it's not that much to ask for
gg 3 attempts
this aint it
this is nasgubb but worse
Hard to read
nice :)
gay
what is this gameplay dude I want to throw up
uhhh okay
7 att, GG!
h
the orbs are so confusing
GG
bruh
g
5700 stars ;)
neon
oh my gosh why didnt you use blending
GG!
For 2nd coin: Go down at 63%. For 3rd coin: Avoid the blue orb at 83%.
GG All coins: For 1st coin: Go up at 27% and spam at the top platform.
I CANT SEE ANYTHING
This is great!
this level is epic bro
Transitions could be better, other than thay is pretty interesting. Sent :)
Lets hope this doesnt get lost in magic tab
Hard to read, but good level
9,000 stars! :)
good design, bad transitions
I especially love the effect with the custom portals! You've learned well.
gg
niceeeee =]
this level put a smile on my face :)
really creative! :)
gg
creative portal :)
4 attempts!
these are my favorite custom portals ive ever seen
nice        transition
amazing deco! bad gameplay :(
glad to help for the 103939394th time
moving the spikes left and right make the gp so hard to read
This needs to be your first epic.
awesome sauce
stupid level
cool drop
we used to glide among the dragonflies
love you
Sorry, I really can't play. 
Neat design!
Gameplay is really bad, and there are many bugs :(
....bad
funkin gamrplay gg
The gameplay is really bad ngl.
buggy gameplay
:HOW: did this not get epic and daily.
I'm mad this didn't get epic
Drop is good, gameplay is annoying
30 cp
Coins - 31% 77% 98%
I love it when I beat 1 level and complete all 3 quests simultaneously. GG!
Muy contento por crear este nivel :D
second half is better
half the level is auto! >>
cuentas con mi apoyo dorflay sigue asi eres un excelente creador
hey guys, tenet is uploaded in movie!
GG ( 3 COINS ) + 28k stars
gg all coins,pass 030712,like?
3,000 estrellas :DD
GG 4 attempts 3 coins
GG all coins
alguien q viene d discord? :u
yo one attempt
thanks! For coin in end part! GG! <3  
Im the Protagonist
first try, but the coins r a little too obvious
nice level, free coins
coin #1: 31%.  coin #2: 77%. coin #3: free at 98%. coin #4: like this comment
gg 1 att
coin: 12%
The level ended, clickbait, disliked and reported
below is simp for 1nf1n1ty :)
Those eyes at 69% looked like something else... GG
had quite a bit of fun making this
im glad 70%  turned out to be eyes
those weren't eyes
Those eyes at 70 looks uhh.... interesting
Coin: fly up top at 12%
Hubieras sido mas detallista con los "ojos" parecen tetas Xd
It would have been a lot better if you'd taken more time
if it was neverending, why did it end?
endless is a word too it has the same meaning :^)
TTs
i got the coin by accident xD i dont deserve to be 19th on leaderboard
Ok, sense no one tells coin in detail, at 12 percent go all the way up.
it ended tho...
gg demon key got from level ._.
 
its been a while since ive uploaded a level lol, hopefully a new level sometime this week
hugs cancelled due to covid-19 
thank you so much Rob ;3;
i dont care about covid i just want hugs man,, ;77;;;
*hug* idc about covid heres your hug bro
i cant give you a hug! We have to be S O C I A L  D I S T A N C I N G
Don't hug me I'm scared.
c'est sympa. tu m'as surpris
pretty good
*big hug for you*
good job and happy b day
*hugs the person who likes*
please dont hug mei am scared
LETS GOOO SOULY FIRST RATE WELL DESERVED
Shut Gyro!! >:T
updated to fix some small stuff and ldm fix... </3
cuz there is specific people i liek that i wanna dedicated it to
GG SOULY !!!!
Stop breaking Minecraft smh
Bonne fete
Amazing level.
Roses are red, Violets are blue, this levels as cool as 2.2
epic
like sk viniste por su canal de tp
Bad gameplay. Also, it's 6-7*, not 5*.
gg q cumplas muchos aos mas soluble te quiere el tio gd
GG brother!! =DD
Awesome! 6714
Great level! I has alot of fun ! Good gameplay! =D
me gustan tus videos y tus niveles soluble
soy el like 900
:)
noice
Amazing Level :3
gg!
wow cool
I really like it! :)
amazing lvl but bad gameplay
gg
nicel level sol
GG amazing level
I have the meats. Again.
Why do people hate others because of a rate? if you are jealous then work hard to get rate.
when i was playing the ice cream van song was playing and it synced with the level lol
if i hear this song one more time im gonna go crazy i swear, level is nice though
ADD LDM PLEASE.
Ye this song is bad now lol apoligies
Ok
Crashed into something invisible
already featured?
Ive never eaten at arbys too lol im british
when you are so early that u are in the recent tab
bruh this level deserved a feature so dont hate on it
will you shut
ne in czech republic means no
It was so fun to build on this, just realised u reuploaded xD
im not talking to you dont worry
this song is used so much but i honestly never get tired of it
Lmao guys chill... im not trying to grind im just having fun
stopped? ok f
whats with arbis lol
after a mental breakdown
Thanks for letting me verify this :)
If you take your age and add 1 to it thats how old you will be in 1 year
Huge GGs!!
I swear, if this gets to the top comments, i will eat a shoe
just give me 30 minutes.
Take your age.                                                        Thats your age.
yo?
If this gets top comment ill kiss my crush.
Yo golden. So. take your height, add two inches. You're still short.
Math isn't exactly my specialty, but I'm pretty sure I'm almost half way there 8)
Like for Geometry dash. Dislike for fortnite. Dislikes here we come XD.
Like for PewDiePie, Ignore for T-series.
pog
pretty fun level, gg
nothacking2020 is a bad person D:
if this gets top comment, i will cut npestas hair
Despite being very old the gameplay is very enjoyable to play. GG in 2215 attempts
take your age, thats your age
i got 9% in 9 attempts, can i get 9 likes  : v
...
what even is chess
i'm trying to think of a funny comment but i'm too busy figuring out how to take this guy's queen
This level will make me smarter
There are 3 game length options: 7 min, 15 min, and 30 min. To do 30 min, play this level on mobile.
Woah this is really impressive
hey uh rob i think you accidentally made a game engine instead of a game
Fixed some bugs and made the cpu run smoother :)
Who needs Unity when you got GD. This is mindblowing.
First time ever: Making chess was harder than defeating the hard computer
IT WENT FROM STEREO MADNESS TO   C   H   E   S   S
timer ended and i was one move from mate lmao
If you are having trouble with bugs, pls try using the LDM and turn on smooth fix in settings!
oustanding move
what how
Updated, coins and cpu should be working better now
What.
crazy good
I did it!!! Yes i beat the hard cpu!
so i cheesed the bots with 4 move checkmate
I have the meats.
We have the meats.
We have the meats.
That will be $12.96 please sir
what if we don't have the meats? what if it was all a dream?
all my homies hate wendys
Why everyone are talking about meat? I want lemonade
Letting Geometry Dash Levels decide what i eat for 24 hours!!! (GONE WRONG)
WENDYS WE HAVE THE MEATS
i want my babyback babyback babyback babyback babyback babyback babyback i want my
ache vsmisle
like if u came from colon
ill have 2 #9s, a #9 large, a #6 with extra dip, a #7, 2 #45s, one with cheese, and a large soda :)
very good level, dude :3
I ordered this level with a side of curly fries. I didnt get them. wtf
dude arb is the funny guy xD
mmmm... yeas cwurly fwies and lemonades
wE hAvE tHe MeAtS
sorry for disliking the level
We have the meats.
Despite not being a fan of this style, I really like the level. It's well polished and appealing.
When you feel like not living, remember that "Bob does NOT approve >:("
If you consider the ship part hard or cancerous - you're lowskilled. Change my mind.
Not bad, but I think it could be cleaner and have a bit more detail
cool level my pana
If look at this guys levels, he has all NAs and 1 feature, that is extremely coincidential :)
beautiful
WHY DO I KEEP FINDING GOOD LEVELS IN RECENTS? WHY???
fun fact: mugen means infinite from japanese
im sorry for dissapointing you bob
CUTE
nice
me to
like this comment or bob will not aprove anything
Love the designs!
this is so... cool
Based on what I've seen so far, I gotta help you get a first feature c:
where is m u g e n roblox with like mad eyes fun eyebrows and smile mouth
bob can suck my pp XD._.
Hey Bob! Stop bulling me!!!
esta dedicado a mi hermano por su cumpleanos,y ahora el featured en eldia de su cumpleanos gg!!
Woooow lindo nivel, gracias por la dedicatoria ^~^
this is like 7 stars
yooooo, wtf pls learn how to make gameplay, thanks c:
felicidades! espero y sigas creando mas niveles asi!!!
This is mentally exhausting. Invisible pads in portals everywhere, terrible gameplay...
very nice level )/
^-^ happy birthday to my brother 
Not bad!
No manches, esta buenardo, ojala consigas rate tbh uwu
tratare de aprender mas de gameplay para futuros niveles
The ldm doesn't work at all, the lag makes the ending almost impossible
Yesterday's rate wave is absurdly bad.
Cuando el lag te da speedhacks
GG! Nice but annoying extreme lag 
Go to first CP! 8)
gameplay looks for 7* or 6* not for 5*,thx for dedication and congrats on first featured!!
Beautiful
mucho objeto<3
GG! :)
sick!
btw. sorry for BIG timing ;-;
that was like the best level i have ever played... ITS ON FRICKEN RECENT
GG! :) 785 Attempts!
tip: get minimum 70 points to completed level :v
WELCOME TO PHICAEA
no
OMGOMGOMGOGMGGYEAAAASSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!3 Coins!!!!!!!
3 coins = no fail, difficulty in9, no miss :P
sync fixed!! I hope it's better -.-
(for noobs) some tips added at ez3 -.-
Phigros in GD! =D
Friday Night Funkin' with only 2 notes
what in the hell is that buggy ass slide mechanic?
getting 3 coins is like a medium demon lmao
Thx for reminding me how much I suck i rhythm games!
i got 69/70 :v
why i die?
You need to make more of these so fun!!
Track Lost
Ok that trail is amazing...
i would try to get top comment but i remember i had brain cells
like if you died here
People who dislike every comment because they want top are even more pathetic than fortnite kids
STOP LIKING MY COMMENTS!K!!K!!!!K!!!!!!!
i hit my wife like shes the refresh button on daily chat
don't you ever look at a comment and think; "Hey, I wish i commented that."
Screw my brain cells I'm gonna talk here for a bit
yo like if im gay :pogg:
attention all females: you have been hacked, please send me pictures of your feet immediately
Mfw i tell a joke in daily chat and i hear my parents laughing in the other room
my mom found my cum plushie
this community is... interesting
homies be like "rofl would u succ my dck for 4000000$" Dude stfu i'd do it fo free <3 ~
when you accidentally claim rewards
like if im gay :)
Why would you have CP when all your levels are copies?
4+ game my ass
3 likes and ill change my name to IR4peD0gs
robtop, make this epic trail obtainable
very cool level, mr brown
gerald be droppin levels like he about to release an album
actually pi is infinite which means gerald is gonna keep making levels F O R E V E R
we want gerald travel, we want gerald travel...
GERALD POPPED OFF WHAT
a n d   i   t h o u g h t   i   m a d e   l e v e l s   f a s t
What if Gerald is multiple people on one account posing as a new GD creator
imagine gerald is secretly serponge
One day Gerald is gonna upload a level called "420"
this and 510 were older, but I went and uploaded because 100 followers on the twitter!!
Bruh this guys is gonna have more CP than Viprin in 2 months
pretty suspicious how you upload levels so fast, and they're in different styles
3.14159265358979323846264338327950288419716939937510582
gerald is a mistery
what if gerald has a brother or friend named brown and builds on this account with gerald.
i bet gerald can make a 10 min travel level in a day
Because pi is infinite, Gerald will make infinite levels and get infinite creator points. Big brain.
thanks for playing everyone :)
Realy Fun !
are you a robot?
no
Legendary timing, isn't it?
but he isnt mod
certified bruh moment
HOW
weirdog
no
I-
"#ModMorce"        "i dont really know Morce so idk" LOL
morce is not mod nor should he be
thanks for all the people who did not look at this as a joke
i hope you dont take the levels name as begging for mod from morce it was a little mistake no hate
i doubt the epic was removed because of complaining. didnt you make the level free earlier?
well no
did this seriously lose an epic rate because of the name. that really makes me disappointed
morce did not know about it, but he just got an epic advertisment company
no
JESUS ITS JUST A STUPID NAME STOP TAKING IT SERIOUS ITS JUST A MEME GOD >:(
also compaining so much to the point where he didn't even want the epic anymore and made it free
Yet ANOTHER level filled with toxic hate comments :(
Xender are you done with 2.2 yet?
Best experience with black and white icon lmao
like for xender game dislike for me
One of best B&W Level
Robtop hired Xender
I love it so much
xender game has proven to us again that he is the one and only best creator
pass: 008055
Yo
Absolutely incredible, sent!
This was made in 5 days!? I make a layout in 5 days
Each level, you're showing us you can go even further beyond from what we see. Breathtaking~ <3 uwu
teach me oh wise one
This is astonishingly good
LIKE FOR XENDER - DISLIKE FOR ME.
image if roptop wasnt joking
its blyatiful
@MiraCatsy Check friend requests
YES YES YES YES YES
Siberia is in russia, therefore Xender Game is Putin
<Insert Obama awarding himself a medal meme>
Kenos
Im swag
aye ur my age! :DDDD
happy birthday!
ty all :3
ty all of u <3
happy belated birthday
1 like = 1 present for Squiddely
Happy Birthday Button                   ->
GG, all coins. 3 attempts.
free coins
This spider gameplay is not good. Too claustrophobic for a 6* part.
some real challenging coins you got there
ta bien 
@SquidKid69 you stole that from velox
happy birthday! would be better if the black spikes were more visible though. gg all coins :)
My Birthday was on 28 july
GG! congrats on feature my friend <3
happy birthday
Your so short you can see your legs in your school picture.
Thx for not making a level that almost breaks my mobile device 8)
wow,nice :)
Todo tranqui!! :)
GG 16 000 user coins :) 
Nice!
GG
9LIKES FOR TOP COMMENT???
This is where a legend was born.
hope it gets rated
Thx for 3 coins! great level
work on adding more to the foreground/ variety throughout
bois :)
8 att took to many but GG
gg
putA
i eat children.
very nostalgic
This level gives off a nostalgic vibe, Cool stuff
cool
this will get rated 
invisible portals ---> trash bin
never ever make an invisible portal
Great design :)
But you definitely improved effect-wise, as well as using nice air decoration.
GG
buen nivel 
this level makes me happy
nice job
another rate gg
Wow!! Very nice!! :)
Hes back to rating! big rate wave today rob?
14 attempts and all coins)
10/10 featured
Gg! :)
ooh
GG! Feature worthy?
Definatly Epic Feature worthy!
tequedorikochucho
Nais ;)
Daily in the future. For sure :D
Teacher: what is 2.1+0.1 RobTob:2.11
10 likes and I keep this name forever
What I really want is for extreme demons to give you MORE STARS THAN AN EASY DEMON
.__________________________________________________________________________________________________.
I am going to make visiting the daily chat to make it go crazy a routine.
Not even Bob The Builder can fix this daily chat.
100 likes and ill reveal my address and private information
i eat likes
I like this. Very well made :)
SHE WAS 18 IN DOG YEARS
I hate people who use big words just to make themselves look perspicacious.
cOoLmAtHgAmEs gOt bAnNed oN rObLoX oMg
2.2 will be 2030
bruh my joke was so unfuuny the servers removed it :/
Hear me out:     2.2 might be tomorrow
Vore bad, yiff bad. Keeping virginity good
The 14 year old girls stalk their prey, the innocent Starbucks stands around the mall guarded
Six Flags Fiesta Texas looks great
simps when zoey reveals location
I SPELLED IT WRONG
BOPIIN
me and the boys Boppin at 3am be like
really
YES!! THANK YOU ROB!!
dont hit red orb at 93% for coin
when u forget to add a transition at 26%
wut
:[
what just happened
me
lol
...
:(
not funny :(
Oh ok
yay jay
96-97%, you forgot arrows?!? How the hell was I supposed to know to jump there?!?
BUENARDA LA CANCION
my dude do be kinda boppin tho
Spell it backwards xD
Rhoades? JK, good level!
rhoades
spell "lana drahrepus" backward
lana rhoades ._.xd
rhode island
The Pstar? I mean spell it backwards. Convienent? I think not
porta de aluminio
esta nice 
GG!!! gracias por pasar el nivel
Quedo mamal0n! :D
rhoads 
do.  not.  look.  at.  my.  percent. NO
GG Both coins. For 1st coin: Jump at 45%.
Lana Rhoades <33333
X2
GG!!! Cool ;)
GG =)  72300 stars 30/07/20 13:39  
COOOOOOOL
nice
so this gets 9 stars and this is harder than every newest easy demon i just beat today. cool 
bruh this song name is literally me
I have played easier demons.
worst 9 stars I played in my life :D
if this is nine stars then hadron collider should be 7 stars
9 stars bruh
of course this is the level that gets 9*, not the other 15 million free easy demons
what is this pseudo easy demon?
Nice job
this is 9*? LMFAO my ass. 
the pass is: nothing you should know bish lol
This wasn't fun to play
GG 93k stars, easy demon btw
where tf is this coin ugh
Thats Bonkers
Hey guys! DEMON
medium demon
BO N KY B O IY
GG! :) 252 Attempts!
302 attempts. I want to claim my demon point right now.
Pretty unique stuff :)
LIKE THIS COMMENT IF YOU ARE OK WITH FURRIES
Just want to try something different | 37k obj
Nice!
pemenang :)
also, whats so bad about furries? why cant we just let ppl be themselves?
Remember that I dont make the gp,  I only altered it a bit and removed the mirror portal.
werewolf for mod
Wonky, but neato. :)
You shouldn't hate something because it created by something/someone you don't like.
A FURRY. *hugs* OwO
I hate my life
is this geometry dash or furry dash
Maybe Furry is the best. Congrat to WWGD for winning the contest
pass is  923079 gimme likes
YOU ARE APE!!!!
Lmfao i just come online and wake up and hes rating. Heya rob )/
#MinaTop100
furry?
Cool,werewolf
Terrible last robot part
last robot sucks haha
OMG Featureed!!!!
GG.. super
a perroo tiene featured
for ME? awwwwwww
you're creator !
Good Level But Bad Title.  Psd: Everithing is wrong, is everYthing.
VERY FUNNY. try adding more layers instead of just one at the first part and make it move slower
Buenisimo bro :DD! Solo mejora en la parte del robot nwn, por cierto, la song esta uff 10 de 10 :]!
Congrats my friend! <3
fun
GG! bro Tu primer Featured :3
hola danolex :)
But... is for me? Thanks you! xD
Felicidades hermano :)
cool :)
Me encanta :0, tal vez lo grabo
everything beutiful
GGGGGGGGG, vengo del grupo GD
ik 99% is not going to read this but the 1% have a good day yo :)
very good, a step up from what ive seen from you as well
why would you make a bug fix optional?
Im From Alicante :D!
a lot better than any recent work from you, really good job man
the creator forgot that gameplay exists
For 2nd coin: Go up at 76% to get the key at 78% and to unlock the coin at 82%.
For 3rd coin: There's a collectible at 51%, hit the blue orb late and the coin will be at the end.
For 1st coin: Jump at 59% for a mini coin, hold for the 2nd and press the 2nd green orb for the 3rd
pasword   060104
What a coincidence. I'm going there next month xD
I have been to the city lmao
Viva alicante
definitely not 5 star
wait whats the bug at 23?
GG! :) 94 Attempts! 30900 User Coins!
alicante
oleee 
Got rated fast compared to Parloth taking a month for it to finally get rated
GG dude for reaching 30 cp :)
why is the music not time machine
omg necropolis by neptune hahahaha so funny :I
I guess Halloween came early
next level acropolis
nice
You're not Neptune
i beat necropolis gg!!!                                                           By ImSamo
 YO GUYS I DID IT
Really nice good art and deisgns. Well done!
very *strong* ldm
necropolis got a good update
Those pumpkins at the start looks so high quality and amazing
gg bro
hlupy cesko podomnou
Wasn't this an insane demon?
Pass is 357154
Neptune youre back?
yesterday i played this level and said to myself it will be featured tomorow for sure and it did
nice :0
lol , best lvl what ever seen
Someone make an epic level with the song as stereo madness
If this gets top comment ill go outside and run 5 miles
Black List?? ok, GG :)
owo uwu ewe qwq >w< ;w; ~w~ ^w^
i think the password is your birthday .-.
GG 999 atts
El password es 784316 :)
Happy Birthday!
My birthday was July 17th! Have a fun day. -w-
today is my bday :)
OwO!
happy birthday
Birthday of my sister today! 24/07/2020 :)
UWU (closed eyes) OWO (open eyes)
a cat on a cake
Super clean and vibrant, love it uwu
Wait thats my icon
XDDD
these colors ooooooh
i dislike modern levels, but i enjoyed this one ;3
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOO
Thanks for actually putting coins that are easy to get.
I return to play Geometry dash. First level :)
Thats pretty chiillll
69% my luck... my stupitity
huh?
i guess u could say this level was pretty........chill......
I wuv dis
i have achived speed hacks at the end due to the lagginess
1st try lmao. beautiful level
No Chill
3 att ez gg :]
AYYYYY GG AESUKI
GG :)
THIS NEEDS TO BE FEATURED
should be epic ngl
it got super laggy around 20% and then just st ayed slow so it was pretty easy
DANG IT YOU SURPASSED ME FUUEJDJJEJJDJSD
pretty good
1 att GG
GEGE :^)
Can be less messy at certain points and gameplay could be better, however, pretty unique level!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA THANKS ROB
Funny and unique idea, work on that decoration.
this level is so funny and awesome
I really like both the level setting and the bossfight, good job ;)
GG! :) 69 Attempts!
This is really unique, I love it!
alva sama owo
GG! :)
GG First CP!
This is the type of lvl I love to see on the awarded. Congrats on the rate!
my first levelis carrot land
G
CARROTS
hermoso
bonito
Nice!
so cool!!!! Buce 10/19 majOoOoOOo
Good job(:
Rip
this is so enjoyable to play, also really neat
I love when a creator has their own style 
this was so much fun to play good level
find the m in nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnmnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn like if u found
wee
Very creative use of the ground at the end!
Almost 80k objects, and about a month of building. ^_^
V2: Finally got around to fixing some visual errors in the level!
Wonderful
Such an awesome remake bro! Everything you make is just incredible, keep up the great work :)
great as always!
142,000 stars. GG! :)
25k stars!!
this reminds me of geometrical denominator
is the best gameplay of geometry dash very clean 2 att.
good stuff
cool level but difficult af
Like if MrKoolTrix should be mod :)
Im in love Im in love
i got pretty scared at the end who else
Pretty good
for those saying its bright, there is a "dim mode" option in the beginning :) Hope you enjoy!
GD is becoming a PC game, and i dont like it.
i hate mobile lag
Pass 002004, enjoy !
Wanna hear a joke? 2.2
anyone else keep dying to the beginning of the wave
Coin 1 : keys hidden at 15,17,20%. Coin 2 : switches at 22,24,26,28,34%. Coins are at the end.
one question to all, Where is the keys to get the coins?
like if i should it a chicken
GG! Nice effects! :)
@diamondgirl LMAO HOW DID YOU GET HERE XD thanks for being here :))
GG! All coins!
It calmed me down, thanks :)
Fun fact: Slleepwalker is a new nickname of x8Px, a popular creator in 2.0. After he was hacked, he started writing music.
gg
GG very nice level
almost passed out at the end
EPIC
Lmao, I sent this 40 seconds ago
I hope you all can understand the concept and theme I went for.
JESUS THAT WAS FAST
No matter how lost you feel inside, i'll always be there to guide you back to reality with me... <3
i like the feel of the level, it goes nicely to the song
136,000 stars. GG! :)
:o
como siempre en los niveles modernisticos se meten las coins por el culo alv
This is the first time I've ever felt bad for a level
For what this level is it does what it needs to very well and the gameplay is very fun. Nice job!
No thoughts. Head empty.
Really cool level! :)))
God.. why Am I such a fart as... i have myself.... my mind is so stupid.. god... Eiim gonna kill mys
nice feel
an important message portrayed excellently. nice!
i like the art concept of this level, and gameplay is good.
pressss
my brain during a test
yes my mind when i try to talk to a boy
Basicly my mind in school mind blank ;) XD
this aint 7 star, more like 8 star
He did the thing.
I did do the thing!
It is a little difficult in some parts, but it is really very well done the level, Good job tbh :)
8 or 9 stars for sure :)
GG =)  72200 stars 29/07/20 20:27  
It looks great! I'm so glad you decorated it
I'm glad my layout gave you inspiration! This looks awesome!
This is crazy good dude
Ngl but this gameplay is so fun & playable
This is so much more better looking than the old one! Good job :)
aaand rob died again :(
thank you bongus
really fun ngl
GG! nice level :)
GG YESSS, i didnt think id beat this lol, this level is so cancer, worst fail was 61% luckily
ntm c'est demon ca, rob arrete de casser les couilles
very fun
guys he did it :eyes:
magin squall , a three time mod , kewl
OMG A LEVEL AFTER 6 MONTHS!!!! AND THANK U SOO MUCH MATTY!!!! :DDDD
well has been fun work on this, hoping for the best for the whole entries!
a bit laggy, but cool
neat
Is it just me or is Rob giving this level the finger by not giving it epic
Congratulations on placing 8th! :)
Very cool! :0
pass is 024680
amazing
damn thats really cool :o
sick
There are some minor layering issues but other than that this is fantastic!
so much lag
if you read this have a nice day!! :)
first cube 240fps and the bosfight 57fps xDDDDDDDDD
Fantastic!
The second half has serious issues with gameplay being really hard to read :/
Robtop is literally rating the gdscc entries lol
Over halfway done and mobile phone too
GG on mobile, 117 att :)
So apparently complimenting a female on the internet means youre a simp
hey guysss thanks for playing :))<3
BLACK PEOPLE ARE AWESOME 
omg thanks for the daily rob!! ^-^
I accidentally hacked this comment, you can like it 5 times
Wanna hear a joke? 2.2
FOR GODS SAKE STOP WITH THE TIK TOK COMMENTS WE GET IT. YOU HATE IT.
For every like, I will lose 3000 diamonds.
@bruuuuuh nine circles was daily :eyes:
Dora the explorer episode 29: Dora meets guitarherostyles 
no matter what color you are, elmo thinks you all taste the same
If problem persists, you can reach us mods by GD Support Discord server
Everyone, please have a normal conversation.
who is haram and why is he on a diet
If you're scared of elevators, you should take steps to avoid them
darude sandstorm
Thanks @Fenuguu it means a lot to me, I'm trying my best to be helpful in the game :)
thats why i get my news from the onion news network
"ban me for 1 second" my friend you're banned for 15 seconds after every comment you make
2.2when
THIS SHIT BEEN OUT FOR HALF AN HOUR
dorabaebasic11 remake neat
If life is a party then why wasn't i invited :ooooooohhh:
pretty good, i like the death effect
after a mental breakdown... 334900 attempts... 1.5 years... my hardest demon... has been completed.
This comment section is wierder than the daily chat
uwu~ s-slap me harder~!!!
ty for 2k likes
Man I haven't heard this song since I tried to make a level with it in 2015. Yes this is better.
@hatsune dash wheres the bugs?
my life is a sad and boring party
I love the desc
After a mental breakdown....
GO OFF BEASTGIRL
yo, anybody remember pokemon black and white?
i like paws theyre my kink now
n-not like that~!!!! uwah~~~~
special thanks to allsn for helping me carry out this diabolical lick
tell me this aint the coolest shit ever
you spend your whole life gathering guests for your funeral, so, in a way, life IS a party
Un-BEE-lievable                  ok ill go
If you like this comment I will bring a bee nest into my house
Exactly what a remake should be, sent!
152 attempts. 40000 STARS! GG!!!!!!
cee when
B in HD... OR HBee! no? ok...
RiP GDS CC...
Now this is what I'm talking about. A realistic version of B! This is absolutely amazing!
Pass is 1999. Have fun! :)
Android phone has been slain by kDarko
w8 wot
did you guys forget mobile players exist?
EE
144hz bug fixed at 45%
1 like=1 r.i.p. for my phone :^(
B
Absolutely Beautiful! Hope to see this in a high place in the CC :)
ldm cant save you
F for mobile players :(
Another winner
La Rosalia
Logo and name of the level based on song "Ritmo" By JBalvin & Black Eyed Peas.
I started this level before the song was banned, Astral and Corex helped me to upload it again
First coin: 47% at the bottom (semitransparent yellow pad) | Second coin: Hit all 3 trigger orbs inside the gravity portals at 66%
Did the song get banned? I called it
this is one of my favorite levels :O
you improved a LOT WTF
this song should be used for future funk III 
i got a coin on accident
song not aloud for use
cant run this even with ldm, cool level tho.
This song is definitelly gonna get banned soon, so get it while you can
Please make a LDM, But i liked the level.
"thes is the rhythm of the night..."
PLEASE fix ldm
i survived the epileptic ufo part
The fact that this didnt get epic is a crime
Ritmo Fantastico ;)
WTF WAS THE SONG BANNED THE ONLY SONGS ROB BANS THE GOOD SONGS IS HE TRYING TO GET US TO QUIT?
song's a groove, too
dude, i used to go to school IRL when i was making my part in the mc lmao
unnoticed creators rise up
Pretty cool and fun level, also thanks for the dedication :D
Pass: 012516
Rob Rate This <3
@evonuclear your part is good wth. my part is bad
some parts are really cool!! some parts are either very messy or empty :/ but not bad! :)
I remember when my friends sat next to me at school watching me build my part. Last year :)
I died at Sounexs part
This level is scary (I'm afraid of moths)
give cp to xjcakex because he have a part on this
Pretty unique and nice level. | Send to Mods. =)
lag night lol
very cool collab
woah first try
For a megacollab, this has been very experimental (with everything: Theme, Style, Arts...)
Amazing
Thanks for letting participate in this awesome mc, had a blast making my part ;)
SOUNEXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
YOOOOO IT GOT RATED
work on your transitions
Not bad, but kind of repetitive, rushed, and some 3D is incorrect. Thanks for the dedication!
is best the creo song
like if you got pinged
dont ratebeg thanks
These transitions make the level way too hard...
everybody gangsta till the air escapes the atmosphere
My part is bad execpt the end part i made
Very good level! I loved the "atmosphere" hahaha :)
Hehe im in this :>
bruhhh:)
what is this gameplay
GG AESUKI WELL DONE :)
BAD SONG GOOD LEVEL
sometimes i just suck
knowing this my part is legit ass cheeks
bye 
do be bonsai, do be
jan, if you're actually having an issue, hit me or another mod up on discord
hehehehehhedhehehehehehheeheh
guys phineas and ferb are still making 2.2 chill
This game's unnecessarily low character limit forces me to seem 5 years younger than I actually am
STEP 1: PUT CHILD IN CAULDRON
Really nice designs, sent!
PREHEAT CAULDRON TO 425F
Th3HungVN Syth3r Apstrom XztheMan Bizaare
Sting871 WaterVortexGD Zwk V3nte MovieManiac JermeyGD4 JFH Vrydian
wario shits his balls and dies
step 69: bake james charles toes until crispy
every copy of garfield kart is customized
I think minimodding here isnt bad
pov: you are vyxi struggling with your self-control as you see a man walking his dog
can i have 14 likes cuz thats my age now :)
Ive seen funnier jokes in Daily chat than in the abysmal horror that is Clutch Powers
Sorry for the old level but Im glad it got finished!
like if you hate iphonehuricane 
Yoyo
WIN FREE ROBUX STEP ONE: GIVE YOUR CREDIT CARD NUMBER STEP TWO: SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER
If i get 2 likes i will give acc away
 Like for geometry dash, Also like for pewdiepie
Great level with a great message! :D
Also, please keep this comment section clean from homophobic and hateful comments.
wawa
Lovely! Proud to be bi! <3
The Bible says they will know we are Christians by our love, not by our insults and hatred.
wawa
<3
I'm happy to see more people making more of these levels. Very nice level avery!
Yes, guys, be always proud of yourselves!
Nice level with a great message. :)
i cant stand proudly cuz my legs hurt ;______;
100 cp moment
As good as the level is, I hope it doesn't get daily. The comment section would be horrible
Great message worth hearing :)
HOW DOES CIRTRAX MAKE EVERY COLOR COMBINATION LOOK GOOD???
best pride level yet, can't wait for gd twitter to cry over this lol
be proud of yourself no matter what :)
god i love vore
ah shit here we go again, more homophobic comments
like if gay people are swag
Second, Remember me
I read Explosive Tampon. I am not ok
Great designs & GG!
first, remember me
not bad!
Now Rob just needs to rate Lemuria!
GG bro! =)
gg UltraChris! :D
Ty for dedication <3
this is really goood!!
Nice work guys. Sent to mods :)
Guys, I know this is not my best! I will try hard to make it better! Thanks everyone! :)
Congrats!
GG! :)
GG All coins. For 3rd coin: Go down at 86%.
great stuff :)
By the way what are the odds I found this from the recent tab
Played on stream and sent to mods. Glad to have a part in this rate :)
I believe this could get a feature this looks very smooth and nice
*happy noises*
...Lingo
yes.
WoW this needs to be rated bro good work ( :
found a gem. this gonna get featured
very easy 8 star i think it is 6 star
yeeeeeees
nampac is just such a great gameplay creator
lol
if levels name is duo thy is there no duo like if u think that too
 1 attempt, really good :)
good 8 star gameplay ngl
Fluke 43%
that gp was frankly quite fun
GG :)
normal 5 stars
?
G
really good, fun and easy to sightread
cool lvl!
demon
actually not bad
pretty cool and unique
omfg are you serious ? not rate worthy ?? dude thats so original and the atmosphere is great !! :D
oh, haven't noticed yet, but i broke rules in first part of the level. will fix it in few next days
pretty alright
i came here for BAD levels, not extreamly good ones.
i think this is great! :)
good level.
Repetitive, but not bad
I like this a lot, it feels like I'm tangled in a spider web lol
ldm does nothing
GOD LEVEL
THIS IS TO BAD                                              jk
GG ALL COINS!
it makes me sad you have to be a bad person because your levels are genuinely very good
I clicked on the level because I was curious to see a level with a "no custom song" x)
Your First Died Is 7%
lolol
666 i scared
this is so unique but it gets sooo lazy halfway through :/
nice but I would like to see more variations in the design
this would get featured in very early 2.1 but idk nowadays
For 2nd coin: Don't tap at the green orb at 50%.
not bad:)
Felicidades amigo, estoy orgulloso de ti, lograste algo que muchos no pudieron, te mereces una torta
For 1st coin: You'll be switched into icon at 26%, jump at the C.
Great deco!
i dont
Me gusta very mucho
cp gg dude
this is a nice level!
Good level
The gameplay is great/fun but you need to change the decoration/colors/style, great level :D
good song!
hmmm okay lvl
Ggg! :3
10K :)
GG, easy
GG. :)
;-;
2.2 likes
ola
Its alright, it would be much better if you didnt use so much glow.
este wn hace niveles de calidad
could have more moving objects, and some parts feels a bit empty. this could definetely be daily tho
CubicWolfGd, WereWolfGd, OptawolfGd. Wolf = Good creator
nice! this should be 100% daily level and star rated maybe harder :D
Decent
This is a beautiful level. Epic worthy
amazing!
sani
Wow coll decoration sry i not moderator f
Wow oh my god i love this level so much
GG :)
fuera de eso, me gusto el bg, el block design y la dificultad de las coins xd
lindo ;v
la verdad esque con lo poco que lo he podido probar esta muy bueno si robtop no le da epic le pegoXD
neat level. the bricks in the background dont have a base, but other that that maybe epic worthy
good job!
GG! 2 Coins :)
really really good. you've got the process and looks down. maybe work on separating from Opti more
annoying and boring
gg :)
Cute decorations, gameplay is ok, but the ways are not visible enough. I like this level. :)
wtf am i playing rn ?
Very nice level :)
Pretty cool!
Amazing!
nice!
So peacefull and calming :D
damn thats good
so sleepy
to
ouch.
Por favor, ponga en el LDM cambiar las orbes y portales por Default, Confunde.
I really don't like non demon xls
bad using of this amazing atmosphere music
GG. 34,937
vague v2
gg
I can't believe all the 9-year-olds who just got in trouble for googling what seduce meant.
please dont
does this guy know what seduce means?
If i hear one more person make a seductive joke im going to throw a chair
I have been seduced
you seduced rob into rating this level
well call me daddy because i am your father
What the heck i was just trying to find sedulous why did i find this
wtf why is nobody talking about this name
omg harder daddy! uWu
seduce me? nah bruh thats sus
coollevel
isnt it ironic
Theres like billions of other words you couldve named this level you know
I was trying to search Sedulous
I just wanted sedulous
everyday we stray further from god
oh yeah daddy seduce me uwu
wait this isnt sedulous
Come on everyone, it's his first CP, and we've seen worse level names. Give him a break.
 
Dont subsribe to Mohammed Ja'kalem Al-Abdula! You're epic if you dont subscribe! Approved by ALL!
 
 
Lol Dj you shouldve made it 3* so we could potentially have 3 rated 3* levels with the name of _
OhNoIDontHaveASpaceBar:(
I bet Hungry Humphery ate the name of this level
Literally tapped twice without coins. If this isnt 2*, then I dont know what is.
                                                                                      useless coment
I can't tell what's better, the level or the text
Nice Level, Needs LDM Heavily Tho :D
Can you please add an LDM. Its so laggy
 
"i like duccs"  epic level
Press like to fill the comment                                           -> -> ->
 
according to EVW RobTop is one sexy dude
this level doesn't seem worth of this title
H
 
f
there is no way this could not get rated
Very goond
Very chill level :)
Exactly 11000 objects
finally rated... i remember playing this so long ago
Well, if i was a mod, i would send it as either 3 or 4*.
Wait a second why this requested 10 stars
woooooo
Nice calming level after beating the weekly demon
es perfecto GG
GG :D Epic Level 
nice combining old and new!
Amazing level i like this level!!
i'll admit, the last part threw me for a bit of a loop
WHERE DESPACITO 3...?
expect the feature buddy!!!!!!!!
the twist at 70 was completely unneeded but wooooooah before the twist it's damn good
Dude you improved a lot, wish I could create levels like you...
f
pancake
got them curves
can "pancake" get top comment? xd lets try...
I cannot tell what you can and can't hit.
wavy by big loser awesome
we hate pocke
samutiba7 u playin gd on a toaster or what
Laggy and hard
1 like=6% added :|
laaaaaaAAaAaHg
this level is honestly quite bad. i had a really hard time reading the gameplay :(
ok this may be 10 fps but it's still pretty sick
OMFG 0.0002 FPS
GG! Terrible gameplay
laggy, but cool!
annoying
jumped on a red block lol
This is confusing.
Shit, here we go again
im hate it
If this doesnt get feature I will eat Robs left ass cheek. (okno)
if this isnt getting featured and epic im gonna scream
this comment hacked you liked twice
good deco but really hard to see and really buggy
pass 500005 :)
buggy asf + lots of skips at the ufo
wow . you create levels much unzor
gg
mh... pretty bad, but gg :/
El gameplay mas mal hecho que eh visto, y no empiecen a chingar
the guy below me is gay!
pero ke puta mierda de nivel
how did i die here
Nice level
there is alot of bugs
For 2nd coin: Fall down at 41%. For 3rd coin: Don't tap the blue orb at 81%.
I don't like ufo 50%...this gameplay. :(
awsome. i love it.
How is this not epic?
how is this not an epic feature?
TU TE FOUS DE MOI LA
moi: tu connais geometry dash? les gens: non; moi: le jeu du cube qui saute la... les gens: aah oui!
Salut  la communaute francophone , sinon pas mal le niveau.
mouais
qu'est-ce que c'est que ce truc-la
hope u enjoy our collab. next time gepsoni don't change stuff on my part it looks worse now
la france en force
est-ce que tu peux like ce comment sans raison ?
Mais keske
tu prends tes calcons sales. et tu hors de ma vue
YO TOUT LE MONDE C'EST SQUEEZIE !
next level: Mcfly et carlito
Cpa GENTI D'ETRE MECHANT !!
Pass is 40000, like?
aujourd'hui on se retrouve pour tester un gros jeu de merde fort boyard nouvelle edition sur switch
C'est pas gentil d'tre mchant .
yes
YO tous le monde ses squeezie et en se retrouve pour mon tous premiers fifa 15 yaaaa!!
ptdr
Like if you played this when it has under 100 likes
try to work more with gameplay, to get it at least a bit more enjoyable to play
Amazing, I love it! :3
Yay! Thx for 20 cp's <3 And sorry for the bad gameplay, but it's a bit old xd
GG All coins. For 2nd coin: At of the bottom before you get into the mini wave at 43%
Pretty cool! 8)
el de abajo es gei :)
Really nice designs man! You are surely improving <33
Genial el gameplay podria mejorar pero igual esta genial ^^
Jump at 97% For Coin :)
Very nice broo!
pass is 202007
i'm the 1000 like ;)
Good job! :)
Not bad, some decent design. Some decoration could be polished a bit more and be less messy :)
gg
a great level salvadorian :)
deco is good, but shit gameplay imo
<3
easy
GG, all coins.
deco is nice but the gameplay is near impossible to see
My man you really need to work on gameplay and transitions :/
Terrible gameplay
Imagine play testing your levels
this gameplay is absolute garbage
Very bad gameplay, GG! :)
Azura book club! AZURA BOOK CLUB!!!!
good deco but where tf am i supposed to go
My problem with this is the confusing gameplay. But the art and designs are really nice! Id send
 not even joking this is demon difficulty
my god these transitions are a joke
how can you make a gameplay this awful
tf should be demon imo 
Some of the worst gameplay/transitions 2.1 has ever given to us. This is the abyss of Geometry Dash.
obligatory "gp bad" comment
what
Slightly balanced the difficulty in the level, sorry for this gameplay :/
How is this a 7 star? Looks alright but its painfully difficult to sight read :/
Luz is so cute there, cute as in king...
manos lumity es canon :DDDDD
other than the rushed ending this is very cool!! keep creating :D
Nice! Featured worthy :)
no the song wasnt by me
:0 Epic Block design
I love final result! :)
The crombie parts are spectacular, yours feel a little simple, anyway good level!
Its good
This is nice but its actually scary how frequently you release levels 
GG
All your rated levels w/all coins (forgot to post this 2 months ago lol)
Pretty nice but some parts get repetitive.
Exelente nivel
srk
Meow
eSto esta bellisimo, like a que si B)!
amazing! love it
Bruh what's with the incognito
GG, 16000 stars :)
i love the feeling of one attempting a level thats not 3 stars or less. dont you?
2 attempts
i eat children
What the freak are these top comments though lol.
i have 9 kids in my basement
chad level
thx for the dedication. this is amazing! Huge gg on your first feature!!
chill and snazzy
#BringWaterflameBack
ik 99% wont read this but the 1% who do have a good day yo :)
kiss me
Pass: 999999 Like?
my eyes do be peeled vortrox
Update: Fixed bug and ending
this song sounds like the song that my sleep paralysis demon would play to kill me
Thank you for 10,000 downloads!!! My new masterpeice is halfway done... keep your eyes peeled o_o
Gg! :)
Different in an amazing way, really fun. (:
fun stuff :)
<3
i love these kinds of levels
i eat babies
GP could be a bit easier to read, overall designs are pretty clean but a bit bright. Not bad!
movements destroy the gameplay. :(
move trigger abuse at its finest, please never create again
dude, bad gameplay and bad transitions, im not doing this :l
"Sightreading? whats that?"
gg 138 attempts 1 coin annoying memory level
ultra buggy
Whats that ?
So much of this level is auto, that it is pretty hard to read/play
deco is good, the gameplay is awful >:(
Worst gameplay ive ever seen. I cant sightread it. The next level u make make it better  than this.
what the hell is this lmao
h a r d e r? is d e m o n
I dont like the auto parts, they are confusing.
20 cp       is cool! GG
Bad gameplay and buggy
...too short to write proper feedback, so if you want to improve your level, I can message you 
drop is a lot easier than the first couple parts lol
Thx!!! Everyone :"3
what went through this guys head when making this gameplay
Make this most liked comment so that people are confused when this is rated
tomorrow is 2.2. Read this comment every day until 2.2 for this to come true
co ai vao comment xem o day co nguoi viet ko:)) 
''Get this to 10 likes and i delete tik tock'' why did you let that get second most liked comment?
very clean
ai o VN gia nhapj gr Geometry Dash Viet Nam tren facebook nha', sap 2k members roi
if you are a vietnamese, like this comment
Ai Viet Nam Hay Like Comment nay
1 like = 1 hacker dead
i love u guys <3
helo anh em nhe
viet nam diem danh kkk
Wow! Another best level from Vietnam!!! Also... I'm a Vietnamese! Ai nguoi Viet diem danh :D
Anh em (Vietnamese speaking)= Brothers (English Speaking)
I really love Vietnam. I'm from Ukraine and my dream is to visit your country.
so many great levels are being made now
Nice
xin chao cac nguoi anh em, minh la nguoi Viet day :>
tinh nghia anh em co chac ben lau
100% , im from vietnamese , love !!
rob please don't make this daily this is a remembrance level the comment section will be ruined
Nice level, and Im sorry for your loss. That really sucks.
btw Gizmo was a dog lol (and a good one)
Amazing! Sorry for your loss :(
Rest in piece gizmo :')
this turned out so well love your levels
for the last time USE LDM FOR NO TREES
first coin is at 19% inside the structure at the top
gizmo would be proud... i love dogs so i might actually cry :(
My gran used to have a cat called Gizmo, and she gave him away. Is it the same Gizmo? 
i love dogs..but why do we have to lose them..?
noice
Oh, sorry Saturn. My progress not saved, and level for your BD deleted :(
almost died at the end....                 sorry for your loss btw :(
wow amazing
guapo
I hope you can find peace sorry for your loss.
Gizmo is playing this up in heaven :)
cool level man
new level out :)
Coin 1:trigger at 32% coin at 37 Coin 2:jump at 81% Coin 3:Free
Sorry for bad gameplay and if it's a bit rushed, I maked all possible for this level. Enjoy! :D
Wow, cussing in a gd level, thats a first.
Ah, I see you are a Man Of Culture as well.
Wiz is my favourite konosuba character
EXPLOOOOOOOOOSIOOON -Megumin
I really dont care if the level is brightnes, messy or generic, I make all i want with my levels
Synch is not the best for sure and is somewhat messy in some parts but overall a decent level
Like for KonoSuba... UwU
buen trabajo man,Arriba Mexico <(:()
Me gusta mucho!!! solo que el final es demasiado abrupto ._.
Megumin best waifu uwu
konosuba is good anime
wiz la liche
megumin is supreme
Buen nivel herman@ VIVA MEXICO
I love Konosuba uwu
Hey Bro Buena Waifu ^^
WIZ Is my favourite wizard and megumin :D
Is not Gacha Life >:(
Creators that build whole levels under a day make me hella jealous xd
neat
this took you more than 4 hours, you had a preview up 2 days ago lol
bruh, i lost in a race for 10 cp, nice lvl tho
this level is nice and hot
4 Hours Man Wtff?!!? Thats Amazing!
nice level =D
1 Att 
15k estrellas, GG! :)
bro
1 att gg
this level was really good
GG
I would like to make modern levels, but im bad at them
Cute level & side readable, that's how we all love it!
you guessed it
Generic.
"nice n hot" :flushed:
Honestly for a few hours thats amazing
That was a free 5 stars
Sad to hear about the game crash problem. Anyways, thanks for trying to remake my level! :)
I like the textures you both used and designs, but gameplay could have been better. :p
unfortunately its really empty, still cool
so we back in the mine
How did this not get epic? Its sooo good omg!
Crytal
coin: 36%
Tbh this also reminds me of a simplified Crystal Realm!
i love Crytal Cavern
Que hace ahi mi amatista xD
This is really really good but still very very empty.  If only it had a bit more here and there.
Maybe in the first parts need killground, but the atmosphere is amazing! good job ;)
hey romi
Really sick perspectives and art, work on the atmosphere a bit :)
daym minecraft cave update
Why no ldm
Beautiful! :O
y el ldm
Despite the emptiness, this is pretty cool. Glad you were able to get it finished
that ending looks so 3D
this is why I come to the recent section
I don't understand the wave part.
Can't collect the first coin on 144hz because it instantly launches me instead of dropping, nice
I made this fast, Sorry about how empty it is. LOL
cools
impossible on 144
but those coins though
Ah yes, my favorite kind of level. Pretty empty, but as laggy as Bloodlust.
do u know D blocks ?
g
Please fix the LDM also how do you get the second coin? Spam?
i died to a stupid bug
just keep telling me where bugs are ill fix them
For 3rd coin: Tap at the yellow jump pad at 58% and tap again at 59%.
nice glow usage
Im trying to fix bugs so you guys can actually play the level, so please tell me any 144hz bugs
64att all coins GG
IFusky
h
pass 113737
not funnnn, gameplay is very janky
more cp comming your way!!!
don't expect rewards if you don't deserve them
So I have been getting a lot of comments about the gameplay, tell me specifically what i should fix.
Thanks for the dedication!
Fixed gameplay as much as I could, theres more moving objects and visibility at start was improved.
40,000 diamonds, GG! :)
GG Your inspired me miku, KEEP IT UP SON XD
did changeable actually reset someone's stats? that's horrible
10.000th star level! Thank you so much Charaa! <3
ah yes being swwft and complaining about everything, isnt that hilarious
mkjhgcffhjtuki
gp is ummmmmm..... questionable
everything about this gameplay aggravates me to no end
charaa quince
hmm.. needs more glow
what is this gameplay lol
that was kinda hard lol
HYPE
I can Do This Way Better When The Blue Pads Arent Invisible
Nice level but does anyone else find these shape backgrounds frustratingly common? :)
If anyone wonder how to pass 32%, just jump 3 times. hope usefull
How to pass 32%?
Done fix at 32%
GG Nice level :) But the gameplay in the drop is so shit and timing af :( I die there too many times
Oceanfront rate when?
cool
Nice level,man!!!!
yay
Fan-Tas-Tic
nice ;)
Omg , Epic level ;)
GG!!!!!!!
Man that coin stressed me out so much lol
?
I Love this level :)
amazing
?????
GG!
Nowai
I thought the title said Optimus Prime
Magnum Opus is Latin for "my masterpiece", i case you were wondering (which you weren't.)
Amazing work!
nice level
awesome! definitely deserves feature B)
first fartd juice
Awesome level deserves EPIC!!
gg
this is cool already nice work
woa, amazing level. Will send it to mods :)
I just Saw The Colors Change And Went DAAAAAMMNNN
this level should've been your first epic.
Whos here before feature :D
woow!
idk
Amazing
how is this not epic
this is just an amazing level! this deserves epic!
SEND! :)
stunning
like if your here before this level has 500 likes ;)
Thanks guys ^^
if you're reading this comment you probably have eyes
For 1st coin: Go up at the circle at 19%. For 2nd coin: Jump at 49% for a key.
I'm a HUGE fan of this level, awesome job Pablin!
este nivel trae mi nombre
this is his 2nd feature, the cp hasnt registered yet =p
i actually love how easy this is to sightread yet still challenging
please stop with the size portal spam :/
GG! :)
super chido!
Im early.. kinda
GG Fun Level :^)
GG Both coins & Fluked from 69%.
GG
This is a lot of fun! :) | 23,000 stars too! :D
3 att = 30%
oof
WHATT?? 1ATT
699
Great level! Sent :)
Coin 9%
Like this comment ONLY if your name is not Michael
Gg
awesome designs (=
Cute and fun :]
cute arts :)
Like this if you think this level is awesome!
Very goob
like if you boy :)
19 likes and rate.... Rob, you crazy?
GG! XD 499th like. 500th like pls comment
you spelled my name wrong
Thanks Rub!
Gg first attempt
whoa transitions are clean af
bruuuh
GG so nice
1 attempt
Nice :)
if i see a corona joke im eating a brick
if this doesnt get featured im drinking the wall
i am mobile :)
GG ON YOUR FIRST EPIC!!!!! YOU DESERVE IT :D
dragon
thank u :3
And Adorable~ Noodle Draggy 7w7 on the level!!! I wanna hug him xD
when you wanna flex that last part do with straight fly but you fail...
my pet rock died :(((( ples lick this comments tthhxxy for support ;^5^;
ahhh epic yeaaaaaaaaah
I love the deco
update: fixed minor bugs
my.... new.... favorate..... level.... nice.....
@incredi its there for a reason, didnt have enough objects left to add spikes to each part
@Somethingmania I didn't understand anything you said
Awesome level :)
Holy sh*t that's a cool level
one of my fav levels :D
Drive, fast, beatiful design and arts, non-cancer gameplay. Fully epic deserved!
It looks great but the spider is attrocious to play 
I like this!
I like it a lot, sent <3
this the type of song I hear in the clothing stores
Amazing style
design is okay, gameplay and moves are strange, and overall not too well executed
please never make invisible size portals on UFO, jump strength greatly varies with icon sizes
This is epic bro <3 thanks for dedication :'D
5k stars now thx gg
i like the level but i dont
This is where my mobile adventure ends
Epic Always man :O i love you
WaterMelon sigue con vida? :0
GG :^)
i love the music
i clicked a green orb and it teleported me down. i died to a bug, help
UFF bro este nivel esta super bien echo con unos cambios de ecena impresionantes, me encanto
Nice.
Epicc  
this has to be rated :^)
E P I C
Pretty neat DangerKat :P
;)
every ship part needs MASSIVE nerfs especially since this is xl
Weird
Holy moly, thanks for the dedication homeslice =)
nerf every single ship part.
woa
flying is way to unbalanced for easy demon...
pass is 673194
please nerf the mini ship at 50%. it is significantly harder than anything else and ruins the gp tbh
Easier on mobile, cuz it   s l o w s   d o w n  8 )
10 likes= i delete my brothers tiktok account
For the love of god please nerf the ship parts or make a better ldm, this is so unplayable for me
i think you mispelled geomety dash community
ultra ldm when
im gonna shoot myself
how is this an easy demon?
Awesome level! Epic rate of course :)
Amazing.
like if your weird, cause i am
the auto bugged at 0% - 100%
Like if you want to defeat coronavirus)
ive been lied to
Auto - Demon. Nothing ironic here in the slightest
Yes, hello, here I am. Thanks for the title! 8)
second top comment is incorrect, the auto is bugged 3-100%
You're 3 weeks late for April Fools.
the password is 0001, pls like so other can see
So many bugs in this auto level! XD
theres a bug
m o v e
like  if Mulpan shouldn't be unmodded
we need an auto named "demon" now.
Ive been tricked, backstabbed, and quite possibly bamboozled
like if u think the name lied
' auto  ' but it it demon  .
like if you think Mulpan was a good mod and should be remodded.
i mean 3% is auto so, 12 orbs yay
who else actually tried to see if it was auto XD
like this if you are surviving COVID-19
Like this comment if you think it could be featured. :)
Idk. Levels like this getting epic is just proving that bias gets you rates...
The colors 
Epic worty. Super well made gameplay and the visuals are amazing
Its not insane, just confusing
This song... i've heard it somewhere
El nivel maneja una falta de ritmo e inconsistencia como si de un collab se tratase. Pudo ser mejor.
was i supposed to fall through the floor?
Que es esto la 2.2
"Song Isn't Allowed for Use"
Very confusing w/ the visuals, but also interesting gameplay. Not bad, but could use cleaning up.
epic!!!!
GG! XD (Like this comment please)
For all Noclip players you shouldnt use Noclip you should appreciate this masterpiece of lvl
This looks incredible
how it feels to chew 5 gum
I died at the same spot three times lmao
No creo que se merece insane, pero aun asi buen nivel, GG
el nivel es joya...
GG 61 attemps 1 coin nice level buenisimo
why do you need a verifier for a 1 attemptable level
Thanks For the Opportunity to Verify! :D
Imagine getting daily on 4/20.
MY COUSIN RECOVERED FROM COVID 19 TODAY GUYS
votes to delete TikTok -------->
I am 20 year old no life male playing a $1.99 2D Jump Simulation
HAHA I UNBANNED MYSELF I FORGOT I COULD DO THAT
Ever realize that the mouth of the harder face is just a mustache, and its chin is it's mouth?
votes to delete fortnite ----->
dang seems nobody agrees :(
in thailand they dont use toilet paper they actually just use a hose
Dora calls herself an explorer, but she follows everything on a map
hating fortnite is free likes get likes on your own
serponge is indeed amazing
if u guys wanna see my best work play acquiesce, this was literally made in 12hrs
GG 14,000 stars
GG! 131,000 stars :)
@loz cool i guess, just a badge and an extra button is all
Like if you want Fortnite taken down
i recommend blocking people who harass you
what is the most valuable thing you own? Clash Of Clans players:
really cool level :)
congrats momo! now hopefully your other level gets rated too
pretty nice but some structures look a bit copypasted and could have more movement overall
yoooo finally
very good level, and a very amazing take on Unzor's style
Lovely backgrounds! :)
pass is 137928 now like for candy!
i like the level part
Congrats on first rate! :D
wow nice profile post, i like 
Why is this not epic?
feature worthy! one of the best levels ive ever seen in the magic list
bug where the orb overshoots you
unzor style hella fine, this will definitely get featured
GG =)  59700 stars 09/05/20 04:07  
Big Unzor vibes
Really cool!
song be like YOOOOOOOOOOOOO
i have found a strikingly similar image of that cat on e621
amazing )/
Gameplay kinda blows for something you expected to get epic
this is 9* wtf so underrated
I get so angry when I see transitions like this.
Level gets a lot better at the drop btw, made the first 4 parts quite a while ago
oops
No Problem for helping out, good level :)
Super cool designs!
He popped off fr.
Pass 434666 Have a great day!
really good level. love it
how on earth did this not get epic what
this should be 8 star
Sad that this didn't get epic, as it's super clean and cool. Congrats though.
yea this lvl is not a harder its insane no cap
7*??? this it AT LEAST a 9*
bad transition
awesome deco :u
yay no epic again how amazing
Teach me how to build like you. I love the decoration of this level !
Colors are a bit strange, but the gameplay and art is really nice! Sent!
cute
bruh imagine disliking the comments to get top comment lmfao
Pretty Cute, Good Job :3
Excelent Collab / ^^
Really liked it :) Also 119000 Stars, GG! :)
Really cute art!
the animal is so CUTE
mau  cubit pipinyA
login
My new favorite level, I will dedicate this to my girlfriend, wait... I don't have :(
SquishyMuffinz
uwu 
Cute! nwn
reminds me of we bare bears
yeet
need more floof
very cute ^~^
^w^                               lol
que bonito ^^
Delete. The. Unnecessary. Trigger. Orbs.
RATE IN LESS THAN 2 HOURS IM GONNA SCREAM
not everything in front of me has to move you know :(
Very creative and varied but work on block design. Sent :)
Everyobody gangsta till colbreakz makes a song thats not a number
Bruh how was this rated so fast 
Bruh why did someone dislike all the comments, I had to go back and like them
"dont die" great words of advice. Let me just not follow them, and die right after the transition.
level: don't die.                                              me: dies
The gameplay is somewhat inconsistent and unpredictable but otherwise it's fine
Bruh, this has one of the worst readability in gameplay of any featured level.
who else tried hitting the square orbs only to find out their deco :|
GG =)
gg
the gameplay is realy hard to read 
sorry i died :(
looking at this and my level. theres no way i can compete.  onmatter how much better ive gotten
GG ! hermosa deco me encanto 10/10
This level is pretty sick. It's filled with a good variety of block design and just general goodness
hd studt
Like if smol pp
pp drop
PooPoo when tho
this is actually so unique even as a joke, i love it
Play this in your bathroom for a better experience!
just finished a zoom meeting, pp time
This is the best GD level, and I'm not just saying that because it uses my song I swear
Awesome :)
I see you are a man of culture. A man who we all didn't ask for, but who we all needed...
This is a great level :)
ppogers
peeee peeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
My PP is hard. Amazing level, GG Amor!
bruh
pee drop, best drop
Thanks for the dedication dude, this level's so amazing :)
hehauwjebeb lmao this is the best joke level ever, i frickin love it haha
If I knew how to read that intro text would make me real mad
GG EXTREME DEMON con meada xD
it cant get any better
1 like = 100 cookies for the person that likes
brutal
Mod: comments potato and gets 6900 likes. Me: comments potato is gets flagged for spam
Like this comment if you DONT have the Coronavirus
I think we should have canceled april fools because this year is a joke.
How is everyone?
RobTop should have made The Nightmare an Extreme Demon as an april fools joke
haoN
Yeah, my actual name is pretty hard to figure out, sorry guys :(
My cat died                                                 April fools
Thank you everyone!
there are 3 genders, male, female, and base after base icon
if you make a comment on your level and delete every other comment you will always have top comment
my school got canceled for the rest of the year :-((
I stopped the stream already
april fools
Getting on PC so I can reply faster. Be right back. )/
RobTop April fooled RedWhaley by making a level that he couldn't get top comment on Daily
like if you win stereo madness
M-mod senpai... r-rate my level OwO UwU
wow, easy demon
wow, this is the most undeserved epic i've seen
wow, hard demon
the visuals are awesome but the gameplay needs serious work, i dont think this was playtested much
vernam kakashka
Pass 001337! Like please!!!
All secret ways are fixed! If you found the new one pls pm me!
garbage gameplay
xoposhaia pabota !
KPACABA
horrible gameplay, i won't pass this shit
Sorry but this does not deserve Epic whatsoever. Why is this Epic and Computer Talk isnt...
horrible gameplay... a lot of bugs and annoying timings
LDM is updated! Hope it's much funnier to play even on weak devices :)
heeey i've seen that gameplay somewhere...
GG!! Im Sorry but I did not Find This Fun What So Ever! The Last Dual was super Buggy for me! :)
this aint epic lmao
Gameplay is terrible and the orb timing at the very end of the lvl is way too precise.
Zdes vse pycckie? Like ecLi ti PYCCKIJ!
GG! 115 attempts :)
only 0 cp members may like this comment
When you open up the game and Robtop asks you "Why don't you go outside." but you realize you can't
mediocre and the gameplay is not good ngl
"guitar x juniper" guitar is 22, juniper is 15☆
Thanks for playing!! <3
Roses are red, water is dense, stop disliking all the comments
Stop using 2.2 and COVID-19 to get likes
Vyxi accidentally uploads his "homework" file to Google Classroom, gets expelled.☆
Pass: 200020
Sry about that chat
Geometry dash, the 2 dollar game where people critizise peoples levels and dislike everyones comment
hating furrys for no reason is basically racism if you think about it
When you say "suck pp" do you mean the level or the body part
corona virus -> corona -> cor -> corn -> c -> g -> geometry -> geometry dash... omg
Everybody when mod enters chat: OMG HI NOTICE ME 
well when i got modded i had just arrived home from somewhere, and i was like dwndnoein
When a likebegger gets more likes than a mod.
imagine not peeing or cumming in the shower at least once in your life
Very nice :)
only 275 cp members can like this comment
James Charles just kissed you, like to undo
The title is talking about 2.2 release
OUR heart *communism intensifies*
my heart is broken cause I cant find that second f*cking coin
like this or die at 96% on ur next demon
The title describes everyone who gets rejected by his crush.
Like if you died here...
Like here for kill coronavirus!
Imagine actually getting more than 2 likes on a recent comment...
F R I C K
top comment is only 32 likes? Lets change that :)
Some neat stuff but the song doesn't really fit and I suggest you remove scale hacked glow! :o
the guy below me is gay 
69%...wtf?
OOOMMMMGGGGG... Epic rating???? :O Thanks so much RobTop......aaaaaaaaa
I think u need to chill with the flashes
Where dafug is that 2nd coin!
GG , no se lo tomen a mal
Our?
Green Text
i just think showering is a trend
Truly mindblowing, both visuals and gameplay
I have no idea how to do the first bit but jeez the rest of the level looks incredible
i have waited for level of yours for too long, thanks for making one mod happy :)
Awesome :)
amazing!
Wow..now this is a good demon! So clean, appealing colors, nice sync, & great gameplay! Awesome 8)
Incredible!
marwec smellin like an old shoe
Absolutely exceptional.
tfw you get body odor shamed
Guess you can say this level is hot.......
he really do be placin blocks tho
Super neat ! | Sent
lmfao garbage level loser
insanely good
Another superb level by to masters! :)
So clean!
ok why is no one talking about that description
thanks vapen and others for this epic level, gg =)
Thought the lvl name was Vaping Area for a sec
Amazing level Mixer!
did anyone else think that drop is so unsatisfying
The design is really good but the gameplay needs serious work man, really really buggy and its way
Who else read "Vaping Aura" or "Vaping Area"? 
Epic F
Suicidio momento (:
._____. Tap here
cool level, epic worthy
m8 this lvl buggy af
dude very nice level, decoration is fantastic but gameplay is just rlly buggy.
pass 5577
28% is so buggy I swear
exuse me?
You really have to work on making the level playable, other then that, nice job
don't do drugs kids
thx for much everyone :3
I thought the name of it was "Vaping aura" at first glance.
Like This If You Want A cookie Like Me :C
Epic. Definatly because of the flash. Good texture style too! But not enought for me to beat Lol...
I'm deeply saddened by the loss that you and your family have encountered. My condolences..
Double rate? Awesome
so smooth
Very glad I was able to help you out. Great level, mate. :)
While generic in design, intention is beautiful.  Sorry to hear about your grandfather
I'm sure he was a great man. Very kind of you to dedicate this to him.
I love the decoration and gameplay. Rest in peace your Grandfather.
i wish you and your family the best
I am terribly sorry for your loss.. My condolences 
Im sorry about your grandfather
I'm sorry for your loss :(
GG! :)
As your son, Im very sorry for your loss. :( Anyways, great level. Hope you feel better from this. 
Im sure he would be proud that you can pull somethin off like this out of a simple block game
Thank you all for the amazing support, it means a lot to me
Ninth.
This is the GD equivalent of the UNO Skip card
Love the level!! We will miss your grandfather...
Such a well flown and great decorated level. Sad to see it got shafted of an Epic rating.
double portal skip at the first ufo. OOF
Wow! Thanks so much my friend! I really love this... x)
Petition for PP to be Weekly Demon :) -------->
Robtop could promote committing crimes and he'd still get likes for it.☆
Oh no, someone's angry.
why does samuel l jackson only play black people in movies
Coronavirus is gonna win the Nobel Peace prize for their contributions to stop climate change
Did you guys know Pan is in fact a furry and is also stupid?
lets be honest undertale has a weirder community then us
Nine circles was a better daily
im barack obama, your former president, and this is how you beatbox (blast processing)
We will all post our last geometry dash comment.
Most gays are fine. The only ones that annoy me are the ones that are overly vocal and obnoxious about it.☆
Liking comments is indeed gay because you are touching a hand to give a thumbs up☆
everyone gangsta till LG 75SM8670PUA Nano 8 Series 75" 4K Ultra HD Smart LED Nanocell TV (2019) 
RobTop doing the forbidden thing with Viprin☆
whaley got flagged in 4 seconds, proud of this community
The R in Women stands for Rights
its my birthday today!
According to Daily chat, three people managed to sneak into the shower without me noticing☆
i just popped my neck and it woke up my little brother is that bad
Cool, the gameplay should be more consistent but in general you made a nice job!
love it!
Found in recent :O
Nice
this is cool definetly feature and even epic feature rate easy demon
Dance moment
ldm don do shit
lag!! :(
Pretty nice but very static, maybe add a bit more movement
Deserves epic tbh
why am i thinking of the bonus guantlet rn?
tip for next time: try to get better gameplay and then your fine
All i do is win win win no matter what 
Very good level! Epic worthy imo.
Amazing
hard
...throughout the level.Colors are very well-integrated into the design.Overall,really cool level!
The first part is superb-sleek and gray with just the right amount of color.Design stays great...
Its rare to find a featured level which actually focuses on sync these days. Great job!
Nice level :)
Nice colors & decent bgs/effects. Not bad 8)
Nice!
Not bad but air deco is empty and you need to work on transitions and gameplay. Sent for star rate!
The gameplay gets extremely repetitive in some parts but overall its a pretty good level!
Remind me what a Blueberry Burger is?
Why didn't you just name it Dual Challenge
Very neat! :D
your levels are so neat in every style
Not that fun to play at all. Looks nice.
I do not appreciate what this title makes me visualize...
this is one hell of a experimental level. 10/10
137,000 Stars, GG! :)
My experimental level=Auto stereo madness Vesii experimental level=PRO
Nice design but I feel like it's sometimes way too unforgiving for 5-star
69
2019: I have the new Iphone!!! 2020: I have Toilet paper!!!!
duals are hard for mobile(
*blueberry faygo
Reminds me of Double Dash
ge ge
Riot's account was fixed up, no longer hacked. Thanks @RubRub!
Robtop quit making 2.2 and is playing Animal Crossing rn.
This is your daily reminder that Pluto has the same surface area as Russia
imagine if robtop gets covid-19 before 2.2 is out so  he cant update
Theres always that one person who randomly dislikes all ur profile comments
Dont you hate it when you think your gonna fart, but its diarrhea instead?
I'm liking all comments now, this is ridiculous
The moment you realize that the word short is longer than the word long
i feel bad for people that casually enter this chat to say things like "really enjoyable level :)"
Comment flagged as pizza                                                                      [EAT]
WE NEED TO START USING ! INSTEAD OF @      DISLIKE IF YOU AGREE
L - uigi O - ver there L - ookin' thicc
@hyperflame, Im hoping to have it uploaded tomorrow :)
when life gives you lemons... you call them yellow oranges and sell them for double the price
imagine the green users that have to sit and watch this monstrosity without saying a word
i have fun with daily chat more than the level
I think everyone is finally laying off the top comment lmao
Ah yes, haoN backwards is infact Noah
when life gives you Lithifusion, you pound his dog
Viprin: Makes a level      Robtop:  ZOO WEE MAMA
you and danzmen have something in common     bad names
i think you just leaked my WiFi password
its a level
thank you all. <3
this stands for Amoraltra, Lemons, Awzer, Zerviot, Whata and Buffed, the creators of this level.
:)
every comment about the name cant beat the level 8) 
the title is prolly just Collab written in Enchantment table language
Please make the LDM better
i aint even gonna lie tbh, this is most definetely what they call a 'collab moment'
you: where is the internet? friend: back of the router. the back of the router:
like if you came here by the name (-_-)
pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis
ngl collab
Zobros could easily read that
Damn,got disliked.Come on guys,it's just an opinion,it can't hurt you...
Got first coin by mistake.
The password is on the back of the router                             The back of the router:
petition for robtop to change his name to the name of this level
did the creator have like a seizure or something
Nice and clean, just like my hands
Great megacollab. Sent :)
everyone be askin' for Rob to take requests, what a moment
Btw, 6%,18% and 56% triggers for the coin at 94%
This is one of the few collabs where every part was consistently amazing. well done!
What if Rob did a rating session where he asked people what they wanted rated
i love how people's views on ratebegging change overnight.
how about you send your levels to mods instead of begging? that would increase your chances 100fold
noice :3
Who here likes discord notifications from UltimateGDBot: Congratulations for getting your lvl rated!
Gamig
Nice little MC :) 
Nice and clean, great job to all of you!
Very Nice :D
@Shatt3rium Dude you have over 20cp stop begging
love it!
new epic
Epic
Amazing level, i really like those outlines, and colorful. Kinda empty in first part, but is ok good
GG Ya Comprendi :)
wow! thats really cool. recent levels go from bad-this. how long did you spend on this? a few months
yeeeeees gg on featureeee
Very nice level! Those black orbs at the duals are broken af tho
wtf is this gameplay
GG
good designs but the gameplay could be more balanced
bro this level is soo cool :D
GG on first cp
liked it until 44% from there it was terrible
Today is a good day
violent silence?
idk what drugs you were on when you made this gameplay but holy shit
where is the fish!????????
:)
gg on 1st
attaboy first rate!!!
omg this amazing
Im really happy now :)
GG dude. =)
water
could have vary a bit more, atmosphere is great tho! just a bit too boring even its an XL
I love how you're not afraid to be unique.
very memorable tbh tbh
While the execution may not be the best, it's quite memorable. Props!
different.
..2
I love how unique this level is dude you really went all out on a Waterflame song, huge respect
very cool. Thought it is empty and repetitive, it's still good. Focus on air deco next time :)
i love the atmosphere. great job kai!
Atmosphere really good,I love waterflame songs,Good job:)
make a radio2 or something, with similar song
why did you make the last cube part nearly invisible? died there 3x now cos i can't see jack.
this is sweet, full of nice ideas and actually pretty well executed
neat
GG
GGGG
I love this level! Its so unique with cool effects :)
really nice effects and really cool pixle airs :)
Wish it synced better. Love this lvl
Very good effects!!
awesome
Good job not playtesting the ending properly, I fell through the sky twice
Robtop says: I am speed
So kids, he was the guy with the most disliked level.
no un zi
I mean, I can't reach the normal gravity portal, so I fly to the ceiling
All i do is win win win no matter what
Gameplay could be better.
Bad transitions.
i agree with the guy below me.
dash orb bad
RIP I fell out of the world ):
All i do is loose loose loose no matter hva
Cool!!
Nice  300 Like! ><
GG! :)
96%?  ok  :)
*clap* *clap* *clap* *clap*
NUTZ
this gameplay is horrid.
So much slope gameplay in ship and ufo, typical for 1.9! :D Nice work, keeps up to today very well.
Rob has been rating not as much recently :( probably because 2.2 is hard work
it told me to jump :(
How much u guys wanna bet people are gonna make remakes of main levels instantly when update drops 
I love this !
I miss levels like this one :( ...1.9...
Not gonna lie this is a beatiful throwback to 1.9
the cube part around 33% is buggy as hell
awesome as always! :D
Very cool!
OTTENERE, come sbloccare achievements
Fantastic, I love the thematic 1.9 you used :D
I like this
This level gives me so much nostalgia...well done!
Transition moment
Ciao Dream se stai leggendo <3
get this to 2 likes and ill drink water
more like 8 stars
Its 7 stars yet very much easier than fire aura
love this lvl 1.9 vibes <3
Best recent Ive seen In a while
1 like = 1 pray for wubba duck
No Im Diagonal!
maybe i should worship the w u b  b     a
pretty dope
Easy peasy
wubba wubba cool level bubba
Robtop es gay si no le da featured
20 atm, fun gameplay and beautyful level,gg
This level is not straight. Just look at my percent for proof.
colour *check* pulse *check* gameplay *check* design *check wow you have a feature worthy level :)
lmao he used my shark art from my template nice
not gona lie Im king of offended when he calls the level trash when I couldn't do something likethis
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSS LETS GOOOOO
imagine a funny getting featured
the dual is a little buggy but i love the gameplay otherwise!
Wow, 8 attempts..? How is this insane?
how did I manage to get 20 clicks at the spam part
pass???
@saltinnee13 wudda?
congration
YES ITS FINALLY OUT! Nice job Jeremy!
*jeremy    lol
So many people probably die at 97%
wasnt paying attention
that's probably my favorite joke to say now lmao
cool>
can we get a [redacted] in the chat
I dare to see hare
me when Robtop playin' True Values of Life
when you get 28k stars in square game (GG)
i love creo music :)
i didnt pay attention
Ty all, <3 And GG Jeremy! I enjoyed this one <3
...
you mother f-
thx for dedi h
...
GG 67 000 stars :) 
Awesome :)
buggy and bad gameplay copy paste deco nope
Unsightreadable bossfight? My favorite! : )
GG Why do people put unsightreadable bossfights in their levels it just ruins the whole level
try to depend less on glow
garbage gameplay ._.
gp is bad and unsightreadable, same goes with the bossfight. :/
Annoying bossfight
The gameplay is strange...
GG... I hate the 23% part.
this gameplay is ... hum
the ufo at 17% is annoying indeed
GG! =)
art level next? :flushed:
GG! 48.5k stars :)
To describe this level :                            
Great level, but try to put some indicators in the bossfight :)
#BeatXera lol
bossfight, reported
The gameplay needs some work on. Good job tho
ye I quit
why you put "good luck" at the end
I thought it said sandwich
soy el unico que siento que la falta fondo c:?
Coin at 69% Wait, That's illegal!
lol died at auto
yall really mad because he only rates 2 levels? thats 2 more than hes required to rate lol
GG! 2 attempts!
i liked it ngl. its always nice to have a relaxing level to play. great music choice
GG 15 att
honestly its visually awful
1 attempt
gg 3 att
I LOVE THIS TYPE OF LEVEL SO MUCH! <3
GG
gg,4 attemps
Orgullo oaxaco
where is the coin??
coin around 65%
kinda don't like it 1att
SANDIWCH
fun
no matter how many comments you delete you arent shaping reality friend.. very childlike
68% is too hard for mobile. it was a good level but im not spending months to try to get past that
Bueno, dare mi opinion debes mejorar el gp es algo complejo por otra parte la deco es decente :)
i download all teminite's Songs <3
Pleaaase, don't let me(let me) become a monsteeer! I LOVE THIS SONG!!
This level is AMAZING
the block design is empty. the effects are not polished. lots of viprin + paste. gameplay is bad
GG!! Epick :D
gg
Solo aprende a recibir una critica man! no seas rencorozo c:
gg!
ueeeeeeee
good work
ola
x3
Cool
the second ball part is literally the hardest thing on mobile
I like this ocean theme. Very good!
GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG;-;
If this gets 35 likes, Im going to kiss a random girl.
by microsoft
Every other comment: Please like because i have no life and need emotional support
How to get the coin: triggers at 18%, 27% (top), 42% (top), 60% (top) and at 82% (top)
Want slow motion without speed hacks? Just play on mobile lmao
Password is: 465970 now like
the coronavirus got me
Really Cool 8)
EPic lvl, art and BD are increable, kinda Knots style, but i'm actually like it. :))
Amazing! Found in recent! This has great art! Nice job! Definitly deserves feature! :D
coronavirus is dangerous!!!!!!!!!!
If this gets 30 likes I'll scream at my neighbor for existing
Lovely ^-^
Like this comment if you dreamt about 2.2 lately...
this is the reason why i love normal and easy levels
Absolutely beautiful level
You named your level after an email app?
:3
That  was pretty easy! I did it in my first try!
To get the coin, there is a white dot in every part that you have to get.
7 attempts without practice? yea definitely not demon. I like the colours tho, very cool
hmmm, level
I really love the change in style! This looks really good!
YOOOO YOOOOOOOOO!! This is epic
Shoulda been demon, not crazy hard but theres easier demons lmao
Sick level!
balley
ibeat it be atbe i
mokey
22 attempts. GG
FINALLY!
hi queo
ball
GG, 88888 stars and all your rated levels completed! Your glow style is the best ;)
Woo yeah oh yeah woo yeah 
Very spicy gameplay w/ good sync! Really good colors & nice design too! Amazing job balli 8)
detroit become balli
thus should have been an easy demon tbh
hi balli
I died where it said "Why'd you jump?" And the RobTop death message was "Try jumping"
This is pretty neat!!
oh god electroman is on drugs again
One of the few games where the players make better levels than the game developer
I got the coronavirus... its okay, it was only the 13th one...
yay
Decent level. I have a feeling RobTop will rate this Epic because of the spammed glow and the song.
Awesome level! The first coin is really creative too :
ayyyyy! the challenge is complete :)
Epilepsyman adventures
pretty neat level like if you agree
top 10 polakow  8. norbert gierczak
too many flashing lights, anyways awesome level
and now im blind
mix of new and old, neat idea
lemon
wow.  combined one pf my favourite gd songs with a beautiful level. sync is a little off but wow.
OwO. nice level! :)
GG!  nice level :)
Should be epic imo
Uses copy and Paste. A LOT.
Rowley Jefferson has committed the most war crimes
1 like = 1 day closer to 2.2
why did i die here, i couldnt see ;(
Deleted all those racist comments from that guy, do not worry guys and have fun!
Reports show that wearing a cat icon increases your chance of being a furry by 1000%
My native language is spanish, I am from Costa Rica :)
I was entering middle school when 2.1 came out. I am now in high school. Damn.
ma boys, we did it ! <3
I have 74 rolls of toilet paper bois, Im waiting till we cut down to 69
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOO ! thx rub ! <3
This level will be daily for half the time it took to make
No problem, I was preparing dinner haha!
IF YOU LIKE THIS, I THROW MY TABLET IN FIRE
geometry dash but racists and perverts dont exist
I do not remember Francais at all... lets try it, Bonne nuit les amis, comment allez vous? 
mobile is being laggy for me rn and the comments are reloading properly so i cant help much rn
I say weird stuff all the time, a lot of the time I regret it. Sometimes, you lose control.
5 likes and ill tell one of my weirdest (but true) fears...      dislike this plz or die
gd was the first vaping, whaley. 
Yes MasterMarx, Pepper is a really good friend! 
OMG The level got rate on my birthday!!! :O I love you RobTop!!
Really cool ideas but the execution could have been way better, and work on your colors
A la proxima te recomiendo mejorar el gameplay, de todos modos es buen nivel :)
hispanos: reflexionando de nuestra vida en los comentarios, gringos: nice level | jajano
La vida es bella... (reprobando 7 materias mi novia me dejo mi familia me odia)... genial!!
"La depresion no es un juego,cada dia que logras superlarla,es un dia menos con ese obstaculo."
esto me llego al corazon.. :'
Mi monitor es tan chiquito que dice: fruta la vida xd
cada like es una nueva actualizacion
Sigue con tu Vida No te suicides! , por mas mala que sea la vida , Continua! Tu Puedes!
Tenemos una vida y la debemos disfrutarlo asies amigo :D
covid 19 problemas clases en casa y aun asi la vida es bella :D
Feliz birthday, y por supuesto, enhorabuena por el Featured. Gran mensaje, amor para todos!
Gracias por tu motivacion a Vivir :)
no ala automorision
GGPASS, la vida es buena, excepto cuando te quitan la Play y el PC por el pinche estudio de la verg
por cada naik es una motivacion para no automatarme
Memes, hasta ahorita me di cuenta que tu nivel tuvo estrellas, felicidades bro
Linda historia... :")
Transitions are horrible but the design is not bad.
Like if your school is canceled
probably like 5-6* just because of how hard it is to see in the beginning
alkaly
geometry dash
Peopel usually: lets stay in and play xbox. People during quarantine: lets go outside & lick things
Pass is 577625 give my likes :<
gets better at the end! This is really cool
modest level
the arrows at the beginning remind me of IKEA
weird level, gameplay to bad it's need only star rate
this is harder than hard Rob
TOO HARD TO SEE
The beginning is harder than me when i see my 8 year old sister
n gkj
Am i high
kinda trippy
6 attempts
my brain during math class
The test is not confusing.                The test:
wow this is cancerous
Sent 8)
This should replace the crap known as Generation Retro in the poison gauntlet.
could use some work, but cool nonetheless :)
i'm sending a screenshot of this to my friends and no one is believing me because it's april fools
this got rated on the first day of 4/20
Time to do a level called Harbor now lmao.
could use some more air deco, but good! Id say rate worthy.
Toxic Waste is my favorite drink - Bennyboi35
harbor by me
oh the most merciful lords please bless robtop with your divine blood and let him notice this level
Yeah I think Rob has seen this by now and just didnt like it
Harboo by Toxic Waste (GG 20k stars, done with Tim55 in a voice call)
dude bennyboi35 promoted thus
wedges cp wedges cp wedges cp wedges cp wedges cp wedges cp wedges cp wedges cp wedges cp wedges cp
harboo by toxic waste              (GG 20k stars!! Beaten with Grizzley)
Im sorry I disliked ONLY to make it 1234 likes. Im sorry.
harbor by toxic waste
nice gameplay :)
Sweet! Cp coming soon
i see what you did there
The further you go the lagger it gets
Looks good :)
WHAT HAPPENED TO MORDECAI
Really neat level!
RIP mobile
cartoons are kools
Steven killed me
So laggy wtf
lagpuff girl
Amazing level with good arts :)
the music doesnt fit witht the block design-
this is super level
Amazing :0
puto
Cool :)
Great work!
bruh, more like a 5* to me tbh cuz I did it in 1 att :>
lmao
lag
Cool!!! :D
Not bad, Sent ;)
For the boys! #hd squad!
Nice job! Thanks for the dedication :flushed:
for the coin skip the pink dash orb at 88% then the coin is at 93% your welcome :^)
Better than DanZpacito 8)
saw this on danzmens level request!
gc gang gc riot gang
RATE AFTER 3 MONTHS HOLY IM GONNA DIE
this was meant to be 8 stars lol
design kinda outdated
GG STUDT
I dont really like this 
Danzmen vibes
how?
rate when
LMAO
Cool Danz inspired demon :) GG
free epic coming...
awesom
Cool :)
actually this is a lot better than golden palace lol
i can see this being a whole like social experiment between rob and the mods
Really is this rate worthy.. (?), @Mod's, are you ok?? Blending blocks with glow and copy paste...
this guy is like midas all over again, except this guy hasnt quit and his levels are actually new
Seeing those kinds of levels getting rated, makes me want to stop buiding and quit the game
Is this guy the new Midas?
You tied with me in CP after a day? Damn, CP speedrunner here lmao
Wat is with this guy and mods? Why does he get special treatment?
mods why did you send this again? remind me i kinda forgot -_-
Much more enjoyable than Golden Palace, not sure about this being rated but honestly it's pretty fun
my disappointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined
i dont get why mods are sending this. would they send this if anyone else made it? :/
I think these levels have fantastic ideas but can work on design more. Mods are helping him w/ that.
just give this guy mod
I don't care what anyone says, this is unfair to tons of people and should NOT happen.
Villagers
stop hating on someone brainlessly because you're jealous they got a feature. level ass tho
good!
stop it rob, this isn't funny
Easier than Golden Palace XD
bruh
like if you've been arrested for tax evasion
It's insane how a meme level can be this good holy crap...
Really cool :)
Bruh step
I absolutely love this level, it made me laugh and it was also super fun and well made!
really cool!
Wow this is super cool!
this is actually really good considering a name like that, nice :)
I really really love this <3
Definitely not a 5-star level if you ask me, looks super clean though
yeeeeeeeeeeees good level
This level is way too good for the name "bruh moment". Sent! :)
now this is epic
Great level dude
Great level. :)
One of the best examples of simple clean design I've seen in a long time! sent for feat
love it!
sent this yesterday but didnt comment, cool level lol
This really do be a bruh moment
Nice!
Great art and well fitting block design, reminds me of Homesick by OptaWolfGD. Great job with this!
confirmed xyris has a house fetish
feacherd worthy
Cool style and fun gameplay! sent :)
Be honest, you want to live in houses like these
Nice simple art, Sent :)
epic
I like this, cool level! 
Nice houses!
REALLY AMAZING LVL BRO. sent to mods!!11!1!!1 :00
Simple, but very well executed. Good level. :)
Xyris is my future real estate agent
Very clean and kept to it's theme. Nice!
Very creative, looks amazing!
The daily chat IV?
This is a really solid level. The art is so amazing and simple! Definitely Epic worthy imo.
Good stuff :)
very cool
upload daily chat 3 peasant
Epic transation, good gameplay, nice design, i think this is Feature Worty :D
unique
Needs Rate.
GG! 25.2k Stars! ;)
1att
best
ROB CHECK THIS
Should be featured! In 2.2 if it ever comes out.
Bug but still a very very epic level
this is going to get rated soon! :D
feature soon
Amazing level, this should be featured!
:>
Congrats dude!
4k doanloads yay
really really original. it suffers from being a bit slow and block design being transparent doe
<3 :D
mucho lag .__.
good level
gg
the gameplay is ridiculously buggy
no matter what place you get you should extend this, i really like it :)
well, this entry hit Honorable 7th place, i may consider extend it, but separate from this lvl.
I honestly love it whenever a medium level gets rated
Wait wut ??? it got featured lol... :O
good luck bro :D
the shortest rated 2.1 level is actually sunshine shrine (32 seconds), this misses it by 3 seconds
theres no way of pleasing you people is there?
Welp i'm proud of this became almost shortest level featured :)
Wonderful :O
yo nice moves
omg
deco is wonderful, gp is bad
secret way
cool :D
holy shit a medium that got featured
wow, happy to see a medium lvl rate!
No dude, don't extend this, short levels are better, imo.
i find this fun tbh
Nothing in the world is worse than this gameplay
Brrr...
Awesome man!
fuzzy vs snuggles  who would win?
when you get to 10 cp within the span of 2 days
personal opinion, but i really dont like this
the part at 48% is pretty good
bossfight was annoying
:/ 
Seriously? ._.
why is this not in the ice gaunlet 
i like snow
i like ice
Uhhhhh...guess I gotta work on Poison Boy now...XD
@KrisKing EVW was the reason that Extoplasm got recognized as a creator
fire boy... dont suppose to be water girl now?
This should have gotten into the Ice gauntlet
hard boss fight
i dont think the song is suitable for the ice theme,good level tho
skrt
feels like u didn't even try tbh
You're god of animation, but this design looks really terrible at some parts... gameplay is fun tho!
Warning: Contents may be hot.
and water girl
You improve a lot my dude! Its really awesome, you just need improve your designs.
hot. literally 8)
this level is so fking fun, i already wasted around 150 attempts on it, good job tbh
You deserve a rating i feel like that your a underrated creatorthat makes really good levels!
this level describes how i feel about everything
and I am Mr.firepants 
who else played fire boy and water girl on coolmathgames
That's cool tbh, but I don't like this empty part at 0%. Also, I'm not a fan of this gameplay.
I love this level ;)
love the amazing arts. Also improve your block decos. Sent :)
hOtttest content
don't stop please
welp not 7 stars but 21 attempts
fun gameplay tbh ^^
this should be rated easy demon imo
this is cool i like
and water girl
cool
mengeringkan badan kita
Next level "Gayung"
me or other participants never put that word in this level, the original level is in my YT channel
there's a bug, where you can skip the first wave by flying above the damn portal
makasih dah ngingetin lupa bawa handuk
im really sorry about the word, its my fault cause i didnt realize it in first time
in Indonesia "handuk" means towel... :v
anj*r,ni level punya ikatan darah apa ama anduk anj*r wkwkwk
You have over 80 CP. Learn good colors already.
terrible gameplay
Gk ada nama laen gitu :v
lol handuk
plusi
Not a bug, but yeah you can skip the wave
mantap gan handuk
duck! I tried to use the secret way
(o_o)
macke ge mig handuken nu
Yo leyendo lo de abajo: "XD"
I WAS JUST ABOUT TO SEND IT I DIDNT KNOW IT GOT RATED LOL
doom is mood spelled backwards oh no...
if this comment gets 17 likes, ill eat my sofa
this a 6 star
KRITIKAL POWER
Such a chill song
Cool but a bit empty & repetitive, and it is not 5* lol
61 attempts + 1 coin! GG!
2000 Liked levels and All Trails!!!THANKS :D
GG! Great gray theme. 8.9/10 (Im not emo btw LOL)
i feel so much pain right now 
The Coin is brutal grab her legal for bluff her :)
ship parts are so hard, but GG
wow, coin is difficult ._.
Password is 694200 (=
why u always in a mood
why you always in a mood / ******* round, acting brand new / i aint tryin to tell you what to do
TheAlmightyWave is the best glow creator
Well i like the grey scale theme, but it needs some colour.
this is harder 6...
Unique and abstract design :)
cool design but the moving objects and sketchy hitboxes are kinda annoying
I have a giant feeling that levels are rated harder in the demon scale due to the inconsistency ingp
Can we not do subtle begging please
GG! 100 attempts :)
okay this is exactly why people say that the move trigger is bad
lol give this a like or trump will be elected again
dost pekne :)
Good sync, but gameplay is still a bit inconsistent and awkward. Great level otherwise.
dirty
Though I do have to admit that the decoration is pretty nice.
Pass: 059131
PJEKNY LEVELIK, SOM NA TEBA HRDY FLYARCZ NADHERA <3
GG ;) 215 Attempts ;)
HIJUEPUTA MIERDA
259 attempts. #1540
gg Amazing Level 200 attempts
Kaaamo to si vytahel fajnu smakocinku:) design popici top
100 likes and ill tell my mom she is gay
Wow great gameplay, great design. Easy demon?
Great :O Definitely a really fun level DHaner!
I was planning to release this lvl before 2020 lol
Why it isnt daily? 
I love the colors and effects! This needs Epic tbh. RIP full page of Epics :(
:3
dhaner is like a more colourful and better danzmen
ye it got rated, I think I'm gonna take a break
Petition to make DHaner mod
Me: *says the word black* Little kids: tHaT iS rACiSt
Coin: key at 31% at the beggining of the last ball part turn upside down to get the coin
love this level.
A wonder of joy as always Haner <3
Pretty rare to find a non-epic DHaner level. 
how do you get the coin ;-; why not epic either *sad noises*
I dont see a good gameplay like this in years
DHaner gauntlet plz
Kumori is "Cloudy" in Japanese
Hey, that's me!
cool! really beatiful <3
Omg the sun is SO CUTE.
What a horrible level, you cant read anything xd
design looks great! portals are hard to read and the gameplay isnt the best but it deserves stars!
bad gameplay, but love the design
I would have kept playing, but the gameplay just gets worse and worse. The deco is pretty nice
Secret way. GG! :)
broooo... dont use invisible portals like that... just dont
this is a proof that only deco is not worthy of being a good level
this level is a remake or sequel of digital light, by me
I cannot see the orbs
Cool level but kinda confusing
Rob: How many invisible portals are there?   Creator: Yes
This level is a rare case of very good design and terrible gameplay
deco is good, but gameplay is unpredictable. DO NOT make portals invisible! not gonna finish this
Secret way lol
this....is......awesome! the gameplay is pretty bad but i see no other reason to hate this level
i understand why this is not epic, the gameplay is cataclysmic
don't say sorry, just fix your gameplay lol
why do friendly looking things kill me
im quiting gdash
this is at least 7*
PASS: 659823 like to get top comment
what???!!! You did this all by yourself?!?! I hope mods see this and rate demon :)
All seriousness, this is phenomenal man! Design & glow/shading is epic! Your best work tbh 8)
2 epic demons in a row!
Beautiful, Sent ;)
ngl you gotta work on the fact that its pretty hard to read the gameplay... :p
I need a pair of sunglasses
Amazing colors :0
GG! 19 attempts :)
auy thanks for the dedi. looks sick my guy :)
That ship part was unreasonably tight compared to the rest of the level.
that ship part is hard
why is this easy demon now
nicely done, i like it a lot
rebalanced the ship part near the end since yall hate it. this is probably an easy demon now :)
BALANCE YOUR LEVEL!!!!!! That ship around 60 is literally 10x harder than everything else
amazing level but omg the ship part is soo hard, 121 attempts GG
if you like this comment.. well you liked it i guess
GG ;) 25 Attempts, another cool level reviewed by me ;)
This is actually amazing, great job man!
Interesting design & Epic skeleton lol, Sent :)
first try
Yoooooo dude this is HOT!
getting some fresh ones tonight
perfect level
Like if you have shelly
brawl stars?
i cant see shit when playing this level
this level is the equivilant to pop up ads
These are all the levels I played this morning :O
Mortis next?
Gg
brawl stars
Nice :)
Woah this def needs Rate!
My 153rd level beat!
pass: 232323
hey im gene
Depish Vibes...
I can not continue! I'm sorry = /
Let's Vamos! XD
GG featured thanks to all guys =)
nice design, fit the song, but HORRIBLE gameplay, I swear, speed changes like this, waw that's... gg
fcking random speed portal
vamos penes
english plus espaniol WTF
why is the title lets lets go?
Cool
Los movimientos pueden ser mejor, porque confunde un poco el patron del nivel.                      
that gravity portal here is horrible
not good :(
gg!
Bien alli Nepts, GG en practica.
Enjoy Level friend !
lets vamos, come on everyone lets go!
aww gg my friend
y yo nunca tendre :(
me encanta la deco uwu
*Dora liked that*
Pass is 002020
So cute, Sent 'v'
oo this is nice
Want the coin? Jump high at 15%, it will show up later..
47
/weather clear
i never seen such a good level with such an old song
10.000 stars!!!!!! :D
This is so cute I love it
That's a very nice level :)
Fantastic animation, excellent work! : D
the angry cloud is me when my brother says fortnite is a good game
GG good animation and nice level
wheres da epic? 
Considering that Unzors and Kips levels get Epic, this should as well, its original enough.
:)
OMG. Cool arts dude:)
epiiiic!!
The weater outside is... Cute??
Beatiful. Song is perfect. Deco is cute. Congrats!
GG... 1
Fact: 3 years ago today, 2.1 was released.
Congrats on daily Sanni! Enjoy it :D
bonito
2% - for first coin, 39% for 2nd coin. 3rd coin - free
like this if u want a follower. :D
We all make fun of Greg Heffley, but you all are forgetting one person.                   Fregley
Pass is 009998. like this pls.
RobTop claims that 2.3 will come out a few months after 2.2. This means In a decade 2.3 will be here
Saltinnee, I am here, just lurking a bit lmao
Hello guys :D
Hey shaggy! ^^
10 likes and i will eat part if my shirt. 20 for the whole thing.
I know where Rober Topala lives, and funny thing is i live close to him.
@Anision It was very effective! 
Advertising here is not allowed, stop it please.
Like this comment and you will get free burgers
Fillipsito joined the gamer chat :o
Chippy, sure, I have some layouts finished and I am learning about new designs haha
4k likes :oooo
dimrain47 has a few songs and all of them are legendary
team 1G forever
noice colors, Sent :)
I'm gonna continue coming back here, as an official 1G member, we all stan 1G
:O GG!
still no stars ?!?!?!
I love this level! The colors are awesome :)
wow, nice lvl bro :D
whos here before feature?
i love this song so much
I Love This! :D Hope It Gets Rated Also Thats For The dedication! <3
SMOOP LETS FREAKING GO DUDE!!! 1G FOR LIFE HOLY CRAP!!
Amazing
Happy 2020, more like Chaos 2020 haha
Everyone is alone in this world :(
sick
great work hope it gets featured
Thanks for the partial dedication!
i like aesthetic style <3
Smooth and nice knots modern. Sent to mods
sounds like lobby music
rip person who said hi 2020-2020
Like if you this to be rated epic
The man getting crushed at 10% was literally the saddest thing I've ever witnessed in this game.
Rip the Hi Kid they died :( 1 like = 1 Prayer for Hi Kid F
First creator with 2 easy epics
90k attempts i finally did it!!!!
R.I.P. Hi Person Died From Stuff Fliying At Him
like to pay respects to that one guy who just wanted to say hi...   D:
EASY.
Rip Hi kid 1 like = 1 Prayer for Hi Kid Rip :(
Pretty cool!
You have to tap once to beat this level... (at 81%)
Descansa en paz persona que dijo "Hi" 2020-2020
i swear people that say gg easy needs to die
R.I.P "Hi" Man :(
I love how all the comments are just "chill"
*sad violin* REST IN PEACE HI KID, 2020 - 2020, LIKE = 1 HI KID REVIVED
press f to pay respects to hi kid
like if you feel sorry for the little man
epic.. love it.<3                                                                                  
Good vibes!
Is it just me or I'm seeing Mulpan's "sent :)" on every new featured level now haha - he works hard!
CP CP CP CP  pls more
Sent =)
Gives me very early 2.1 vibes. Nice old collab 8)
if daily chat bullies you, play the level
Damn girl are you area 51 cuz id die to get inside you
Like for 2.2, Dislike for 2.0, ignore for 2.11
What's 9 + 10
@GDBigBoy - Not bad advice, I'll accept it. I do try to be more consistent with that
Wow thank you Tourbillon for taking six minutes to download and preventing me from refreshing lol
A: Hey Bob's mom is trans. B: cool. A: there she is right now. B: Don't see her. A: she TRANSPARENT
i think my favorite official level is explorers, incredibly fun gameplay and design
gacha life community: gay furry trans girl does hentai videos
ToE 2 was so much fun when it came out - still my favorite official level! :D
"Down Bass is the worst demon"       Super Probably Level:
Fun fact: you dont know anybody in this chat irl
I'm looking into the Schnaffel thing
Do you guys have XO stuck in your head?
below and above are awesome
GG! Gameplay could definitely be optimized better ;)
this honestly deserve more attention
Finally! I got luck afrer 85% I don't died have only one life! ...
i really dont like when the levels rotates me randomly, it was still pretty fun tho
Awesome minigame, Sent!
kinda hard but cool
Im sad.. :(
i dont get it
life if you came here before feature
wait... what? idk howni even beat that but gg 3 coins. I literally did nothing but spin... Rank S!
theres not much i can give feedback on for a minigame... but i like the designs ive seen so far
why uwu
i feel like this is more of a memory level than anything you can really just react to
mulpan again. such a hard worker :)
realy cool level
nice minigame :)
pog
COOL
Awesome!
Cute Boss uwu
Honored to be apart of this megacollab. :)  I also made the snowglobe at the end fyi
MC members: Me, CryoneticYT, ItsAGSilver, Qag2, DavisJay, and Skullyhop. =)
Ugh. Messiest comment section I have ever had. D=
Thanks for letting me be a part of this :)
I like levels like this, simple and pretty easy :)
This is not a copy. Its a megacollab with 5 other people. =\
Qag2 for cp :)
OMG again! =0 
Get DavisJay, Cryogentic and Qag2 Rates... They were in this mc and deserves them 
wait a minute, i built a part in this lol
Neat collab :)
Wow! One of the best simple levels I've ever  played. Good job :)
GG! Fun collab, everyone did great! I did have some gp issues at times tho. This was well executed!
Me gusta :like:
50 rates omg
@Eddie i didnt know i could either lol
Overall IMO NnolokK Qag2 and Skully did the best, never knew Skully could pull off modern lol
Noice & simple! Just how I like it! Thanks a ton! ;-) <3
this must be rated, everyones part was so good :D
that was pretty impressive. song was perfect for it
If I Was a Mod I would send
u rly scared the sh*t out of me with that tripple spike at the end but nice lvl bit short
B E P I S
The QR Leads to his YT Channel. Like so everybody don't need to scan :)
password:010120☆
HOLY SH--- IAM SO HAPPY!! THANKS ROB AND MODS FOR SENDING!!!
Amazing job! Epic for sure :()
woah..... *little kid with huge eyes looking up at this level*
plus the effect is not owned by anyone. anyone can make it in their level.
That thing needs to get epic now! (the cool thing is that it doesn't lag so much on phone) :D
Amazing level! How did you make this masterpiece in 3 days??
amazing
the QR code leads to his Youtube
very coooooooooooooooooool :)
the tripple spike at the end nearly gave me a heart attack 
gg the last coin was really hard :)
Great new level!! Hope it gets rated :)
warnic if you are epelectic
Cool :)
Really cool!
Do people remember dorabaebasics?
Rob should make 11-15 stars since Deadlocked is 15 stars.
That final art xD
I got caught playing GD in class but instead of getting in trouble my teacher asked me2 beat Clubstp
Sent :)
my dad is taking away my phone until tomorrow, RIP, aight bye B'l
like if you live on earth
me and the boys at the club dancing to clubstep.
Did Mohamed Ja Kalem die? Hopefully
"who do people with cp only get top comment" says the person with CP (also spelling mistake)
Like if you live in North America :)
top 10 saddest gmd moments:
what if everyone was rich and had no money problems
Bye i'll go grind some demons.
someone stole my mood ring. im not sure how i feel about that...
where is the truck :(
What If you wanted to go to Heaven, but God said: Play Raid Shadow Legends for free today
this banzmen thing is sooooooooooooooo annoying
when you call your roblox girlfriend and your uncle answers
dont you hate when you work hard on a level and it only gets 47 Downloads?
no
i love it how the top comment says "No"
legit getting top comment does nothing for you or anyone
when youre home alone and the toilet seat is warm
Ngl I support this top comment
Pass: 785325.
if you call pink orbs "purple orbs" you get put on the goverment draft list
Why do people like giving others purple likes, instead of yellow. Spread positivity
vsco girls 2019: save the turtles                  vsco girls 2020: save the koalas
one person makes a joke about viprin going through female puberty. all the 11yr olds: "voop is girl"
are you a math book  cause you have a lot of problems.
mfw this is the first daily of 2020 without a mulpan comment on it
wow i died at 74% on time machine im that garbage
*comment war flashbacks*
RobTop called us "boomlings"
Cirtrax are you paying attention to the teacher?
guitar saying uwu and speaking english is wholesome.
Petition to make the past tense of shit "shatten"
i ve beaten this level 10 times because of how much i enjoy it
i am pretty bored and the fact that 2.2 is on its way is more dead than my tree i planted
estuvo dificil COOL
Would be a nice level if it weren't for the bad transitions
Dorami Moderator:  Demon=8 stars
this level was featured in dorami's vid!
GG! :) 54 Attempts!
Amazing job Ismail, very cool!
Kinda expected more from this, but Good job everyone!
Immortalize the rate wave, make it come to life! :Pog:
also my part messed up. (As always smh)
ye
More 3 cp for Ismail
Nice level!
Good.
COOl!
Lets GO!
Pass: 2020
300th liker
ight
Would have been great beating this but great collab still :)
ayy featured gg
40 cps and still doing the same deco(?
painful gameplay, block design is basically nonexistent, also really bland and uninteresting
this is like a 6 star, and honestly really should only be star rated
commission for rob to rate autos, sign
anyway, on to the next comment
I somehow fluked this in 1 attempt. Rob needs to play the whole level before giving it a difficulty.
brrrooooo!!!! 6 stars at least!!!
based off doom gauntlet
Some gameplay is a bit awkward
gameplay makes me sle e e e ep
Nice level =)
switch spider gravity riggt before the green portal and its a free 70%
Not bad, not your best imo
I dont like any part of satrix 
i keep dying at this part
just not that good
GG
Imo should only be star rated. Difficulty is too hard for an 5* aswell
would've been really cool, two years ago?
i kinda expect better from someone with 43 cp
Backup system is down right now, working on it :)
DM me if you find any bugs/secret ways, enjoy! :D
amazing! ^-^
Very cool. :)
See you in 2020! =D
Not bad, I like the colors ;)
Can you handle the Coppa?
alkali was good but turned into trash with confusing gameplay
coppa is elder mods of youtube
DanZpacito
everyone here is -18
btw, if you think 3 is a lot of alts, i have 4 :)))
If you like this comment 2.2 come out
oh, wait, i forgot 1, i actually have 5 alts lol
mfw i sign out and get prompted with the comment rules lol
i dont do reqs in comments, and no, i wont ban you for 15 seconds
xyris man
default wave is best wave
@Zele ill think about joining. i dont really decorate so :/
In Souta Dakota, it is illegal to throw a pineapple or watermelon into a river.
who else watched rise of skywalker?
ok, thank god this didnt get daily, more rates!
this song is the only thing good to come out of star wars recently
gameplay is so weird; wrong 3D
a little late dont you think
OMGGGGGG Epic thanks Robtop Aaahahaha.... :'o
so many bug... with all bugs its an easy-medium demon:(
It's from 2020 but Happy New Year everyone :D
Happy New Year Everyone, welcome 2022 :)
not 6 star atleast a 7 or 8 star
Like if youre playing in last month of 2020
my hand is a sleep
hapank maybe star rate no feature? 
el 2020 es una porqueria
Happy New Year 2021
I'll ask for Glowiness by Bunch instead :()
Really cool!
22k stars :)
This level is so amazing and even though I'm 25 days late happy new year!!!
lol are you sure its a happy new year
Great job again Ondys! =)
Sent :)
Dobry level, a gratuluju k fea!
8 attempts. Pretty cool insane level  ^~^  Enjoyable gameplay and nice design
Daily level tomorrow? Like = Yes
Good level
epic
4 Sends! let's if it can get feature now :)
Nice Level!
Hider? Seeker? now spectator :P
nicee
nice 
really cool tbh, but fix some parts please :)
gratuluju k dalsimu fea :D
feature?
fun gameplay
gg 67atts :)
4.000 stars. GG!
Feature or Epic probably :)
partition is playing this in his stream
Amazing christmas level!
bit late but whatever
i think this one it's better than my epic rate levels, but it's ok, thanks anyways rob
Still not rated lol, Sent =)
@Anision Imagine if bad grammar
meery christmas!
strange music choice for a christmas level
lol owo
christmas? CHRISTMAS????
little sweet invisible coin;) Nice christmas level tho, design is awesome:)
where is the coin?
Epic level and hermosa decoracion
"gd comunity" =D
GG! Completed with an Apple Pencil ;v;
merry hamster
Merry Christams to everyone :D
uhhh.. rob? bit.. bit late there buddy..
GG! :)
Corndog
GG! :)
did he forget the daily or wth
TikTok is gay.
there's a bunch of new creators getting their first cp!
no problem
oh, sorry, see ya
153,000 Stars, GG! :)
bruh you are talking to yourself again
yeah?
*ring ring*
I followed the arrow, I died... -_-
no daily yet?
christmas is here everybody
What a nice 'low' detail
Iter Icipiat: Was made in more then 8 months, his best level ever. Doesn't get rated.      Ring:
epic but laggy
happy thanksgiving to you too :-)
cool
Damn, good level but I lagged even though I have a good PC wtf
I descoverd this level go to firs comment
Bro
But how was this inspired by me?? I dont even make modern lol  :flushed:
^^
i sent this to my crush and told her i liked her yesterday and she told me she liked me too :DDDDDDD
Pass is 051219, Good job you two ;)
Awesome
if not for this level, i wouldnt have told her <3 thank you
Very nice!
138 clicks for the last coin
i'm so happy to help you with it kawaii <3 you're the best girlfriend ever c': <33
Here before feature,like if you are too
YAYAYAYAYAY AHHHHHHHH GGGGGGGGG
all you need to know is that im fat but not as fat as xoroz
Incredible job, guys!
Great as usual :)
Pretty decent.
Hermoso <3
very nice!
awesome!
#195
no importa! ;D quede raru o no! 
Epic style & Cute art! Sent :3
Oh Now I get It You chosed Your Icon and its colour like this because it looks like Unikitty ...
WHOAAA! ROBNTOP HAS TWO RATE THIS 7 STARS AND FEATUREDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
rob if you give me a demon i swear ill love you forever lmao
OML I WUV DIS :>
I think this can get feature
OMG SOOO GOOD! (unikitty looks cute :3)
go to hell
Deez nuts
muy bonito 
This level is good. The creator, on the other hand...
like if you like the lego movie
How does this not have an epic rate. This is hands down the funnest and best level in the game rn.
also can you atleast unblock me? :(
password 101100, like ;D
pass 101100
I like the mix of demons and non-demons being rated
why this no epic?
krazyman50 didnt like that song
Hola buenas
Why are there airports? Because planes need something to.. LANDON
Yoshi, like the dinasaur?
See what I did there?
People that actually subscribe to mohammad ja'kalem are actually clowns
Questions? Comments? Criticisms? Complaints? Leave them here. I read all of them
oh rob commented thanks lol
Bruh Landon just delete the bot comments
dont make this daily ill get too much hate
that N at the end is slightly bigger than the rest of the letters :angery:
i swear to actual god sometimes
Sent :)
yeah if this got yoshi i rate i would enjoy that a ton. its the point of the level, but im not askin
@ROBTOP YES YES YES HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAH OMG I LOVE LANDON
8)
Rob, that was actually a sick joke.
2.0 forever
Omg! He reads all of them! :0
not my reaction, personally
yeah
this level is the equivilent if YOSHI became a dino
WOOOOAAAAAAAAAH Dude!!! I never expected to have a entire level dedicated to me ='DDDD <3
Cool level. I like the atmosphere, but try next time to improve some parts. Nice colors btw. :)
Gracias por dejarm3 participar en este niv3l d3dicado a kDarko =)
nOICE
     uwu
mmm nice
Very cool! sent =)
WHY ISNT THIS RATED EPIC!?!?!
when you thought you found a secret way.
kdark0
gg
good level 10/10
Just epic.
good, but my phone is fried, lol..!
next rate?
how not fetuerd?
GOLDEN
weird one
I love the deco, gameplay and sync it is so beautiful, sending to mods!
OOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMMMMMGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
Verified by MissAria
Sent!
Worse Than Love Baba
yay first kn a demon level
Thanks for letting me verify uwu
Pass is 310180 NOW GIMMIE LIKES
Some of the worst gameplay I've played in recent time.
this was not a pleasant experience
nice level
gameplay needs work but it wasnt as bad as i was told
0W0
Moonboy song Pog
Sent to Diamondgirl!
Thx for playing <3 
GG
GG ;) 381 Attempts, would've been like 150 less without lag lol
dang
yeah
Area 51 Has Been Raided Already Tho :I
Spirits 0W0)
Neato
robert topala do another big rate wave and ill fly to sweden and hug you :flushed:
Dream when
yall know who Noblefoul is? im blocked lol
6 Months ago, this gives me hope :)
NOT AS     e        s        a       y  .   . . .  .
:)
bit hard for 6* but not bad
GG! All coins :)
My apple dissapeared
look cool!
Nice level :)
GG! :)
Ah.. perfect
not wey
Demons please I beg
but thats not artificial thats real
wow
it be like that sometimes
speaking of which rob, why have you rated all my levels except my solo lol :mabbog:
Begging only works when I listen, and I never listen, not for long... where was I...
You asked me to rate it, how can it be unexpected xD
Has some interesting parts, but most are pretty boring to me. Transitions between styles need work 2
Cool :)
nada mal amigo :D
Decent, but i don't like the gameplay.
Nice.
mmm... nice :)
if all of yall actually do start begging for my level iwill cry
ngl rob when you gave me a double rate i nearly jumped out my window
The gameplay needs improvement
Gg
ROB NO DO NOT ENCOURAGE THEM
not bad
Nice :)
Rob! Toxic Waste by Wedges, sorry for beg its just he NEEDS cp
Rob you might get a lot of hate for that now .-.
Rob ran away after the backlash he faced
Thanks rob, this is unexpected...
i want to beg, but i know it is frowned upon :(
rob rating this 5 years later BRUH
AWQQQQQQQESOME LEVEL... Much Color
awesome
I was about to comment bad gameplay, but then I looked at the level id. : p
I just logged in and what do I see xd. Oh my god I made this a looooooong time ago :)
Darnoc... Haven't heard that legendary name in years.
good deco horrible gameplay
5years
Whats with a darnoc level randomly getting rated now after like 5 years
5 years later....
i kinda love these old rates
Love it!
This is a really good level 
V2 changes miniwave part a little.
can we collab matrix?
SO awesome :D!
why is this awarded
1.9 rate! :,D 
1.9 rate! *cums and dies*
Rob, give us more of this please
AMAZING GET RATED
11,000 stars.
thanks everyone!
Great damn
i love how this got rated in 2 days
wow gg man!
nice
Pass: 522885
I don't like the invisible jump pads tbh
wonderful level! :D
:^)   Amazing collab!   Best of luck getting rate!
Top 9 ;)
bb
Not bad
TOP 2 :o
Damn thats so goood! Nice colours!
GG
beautiful
LEGIT looks like every other level
yiyi
I beat an insane 8, and I collect only 5 stars... Really bad rating. How can I enjoy ?
Never would I have ever imagined I would've been used as inspiration for the legend himself.
Or at least give me some sort or credit
most annoying 5 stars ever
Raya you gotta ask before using my fonts :()
Transitions are just awful.
who would be okay with making this gameplay
5* my ass lol
kinda boring tbh pulses are eh and same with design
Nice! I wouldve liked to see some more colors and movement tho. Nonetheless youre improving (:
actually your best work so far. i think this is star worthy 100%
This is not a five star level 
worse desolate deep
Also that level description makes absolutely no sense
repetitive and boring
extremely bland and copypasted
hArDeR
everything is wrong with this rating lol
good level! but not hard, this is harder 7 stars or insane 8 stars.
nice D:
What an amazing level, I love it!!
The nostalgia... well done guys, I'm glad this level is back! :)
Nice :D
Hellou
but anyone else remember this song
Supercool  estoy en top num45. 3 coins   :)
old memories
The frist coin is jump in the 10%
That so so SWEET & NOICE! I really loved & enjoyed every bit of this beauty! Big, fat thanks! Peace!
good
GG, nostalgic :')
3 attempts, 2 coins and 13.800 stars! :D
aunque pierda miles de veces es disfrutable el nivel =) y por cierto alguien quiere ser mi amigo ? 
Good gameplay.
Nice!!! :)
nice
amazing level
Nice level and nice coins!!!
Nice Lvl
Cool :)
cool design, love it! little rushed at the end tho ;)
Great level. I respect the great execution on this, too! Keep it up. :)
To get the coin, jump off the set at 5% and 11%
^-^
Nice style. Nice execution. Epic level!
I will release my inner rage into clocks because I hate waking up.
Really nice, just work on indicating coins
4000 star yeah
Where's the coin? :(
1 attempt. Nice job! :)
GG Oum :)
loved it! :3
I love it :)
i said really cool and someone disliked it
no coin :O
is beatifullll. <3
Nice uwur
i thought it said glock lol
zzzz, wake up!
Aww, so sweet, so cuuute! Thanks! <3
Not bad! Sent :D
rob i dare you to give the next level you rate epic no matter what it is
;>
you cannot make me no touch
110000 Stars, GG! :)
we can always what
GG! :) 1 Attempts! Thanks For Free Coins! 27100 User Coins!
GG
Like for GD dislike for roblox, ignore for fortnite...lets see who wins
I will try and work on SLENDERCUBE more. It will be epic hopefully :)
Beated at 1 att,its the best lvl i ever played!!!))
Really nice one :D
The song be like: BRUH BRUH BRUH, BRUHBRUH
6 attempts 6 stars xD also ending was a bit sudden but pretty good! for sure deserving of da feature
Bruh 1 attempt mobile got so far though i nearly had a heart attack
GG
gg
:'D
remember me?
Why this...
Dude i lowkey found this in the recent section lmao. Anyways epic level, I like the clean design
i'm not big on these low effort rob styled levels, but this will be rated for sure. work in gameplay
rob please dont give this daily
lol
nice level :)
?
Geometry Dash Meltdown + Geometry Dash Subzero = A Loving Hell...... Wait...
That 3rd coin was deadly..
GG! :)
Thank you Robtop for rating all this stuff and making people happy :p
From 20% to 40% is pretty bad also the gameplay is kinda confussing. Overall nice!
Gg! 8)
gg! 8))
cagon cacon cochinon cochino cerdon cerdo
Cool :)
GG
woow :3 pretty cool w/ meltdown disgn
Copy because its a collab
i sightread the entire 4x part lol
seduce me
what have you done...
Someone actually did it...
wasnt really my choice
who the heck thought it was a good idea to make a invisible required dash orb
Nice work. Waiting for UwUboros, Daddyboros and OniSanBoros.
uhhh can you please make the gameplay VISIBLE
Now it's time for DanZmeN to make UwUBoros.
airil thought it would be a good idea to litteraly make invisible gp for ldm so yeah
Time for The Lighting ROwOad
i wish i didnt make this level
You cant even see the orb at 76% !?
this is fun, OwO Planet next?
i expected anything else but modern style...
Damn it guys we need to get this to 6969 likes owo
77 I  C A N T S E E E E E E E
Whu do your ass levels keep getting featured but your good level still isnt
lol owoboros
OWObOWOs
i really like this song too tbh
lagy
Gracias por terminarlo :D te quedo muy buenoooo <3
to get first coin, jump at the "pancito26" at the start, wheres my likes
Nostalgic and Fun!
muy bueno :D
owowo
mmmm quiero pan...
Really cool!
Genial.
GG! Nice level! =)
?
Haven't heard this song in a while, old but gold
que nostalgia esta cancion
really nice colors!
Great level. Hopefully this gets featured soon!
gg!!!!
gmd funyn pee
Nice!
segodnya opozdal,kotik zaderjal
quiero pan
me mataron los pancitos bsbdfjkxd ermosisimo uwu
Pass 251326 Like THIS comment for a cookie
im so happy right now oh my god
Fun fact: 2013 is the first year since 1987 to have four entirely different digits.
mr hybrid for president
how did this get rated so fast when tartarus and glitched memories are not rated?
remember kids dont do school and stay in drugs wait...
Thank you all!!
OH MY GOOOOOOOD THANK YOU ROB
Any comment with the 100% beside it without proof will be deleted. Thank you!
I Love My Life ;)
if you like this... you are cool
92.
ofdndrgt
29 att
pass: 251326
Good lvl, Sent!
will i survive the vicious flames? of course not lol
YES FLUKED FROM 78%
GG fourth victor fluke from 81
never again
Pretty nice 'w')/
i like it :) well done
decent
pass is 180120. like?
bad dual mode
love
now try to find me in editor mod
just gonna point out that Krasnodar Region still isnt rated after 5 months
I really like it, but i don't think its easy 2*, maybe 3 or 4* ;)
10 cp now thx everyone 2020 is a begin for me :)
Hey, that's me 
evite de mettre un glow aussi gros sur le bord droit de l'ecran, ca influe bcp sur le fun du level
Pretty good level ! :)
Lots of rates. I love it. Btw rob, I loved the sneak peek! 2.2 hype!!!
neat 
GG!
GG UwU !
awful wave transistion.
GORGEOUS. That's all I can say for this BABY! Thanks! <3
Good :D
i have a strategy for staying clean: eat the soap so it spreads through your body
donald trump is ordering troops to go get top comment
Last to like gets mod
Next person to complain about not having top comment gets sent to the guillotine.
in the 2.4 update the cube can now move on the z axis
Hey girl, are you my homework? Because your hard and... wait
in update 2.6, the spider can now go diagonally
this is comment help *your welcome*
i speak american, english, british, and australian
Like if im gay
treat black people with respect yall, like this so people can see
 
How to get a top comment: say random crap that doesn't make sense and be early
why cant we disable comments for levels?
Me: Happy 2020!    Nostalgists: Happy 2014!   Darnoc: Happy 2019 V2!    Serponge: Happy 3097!
juniper is 16 you fcking creeps
for people who say time moves fast, try holding a plank for 2 minutes
No es que no sepas crear gameplays o decorar, sencillamente le pones menos afeccion a tus niveles.
a girl putting "girl" i  their name is a weak male move
to be fair, if robtop stopped rating levels for a while, the standards might actually go down
I got the 1000th download on this level :o Nice job man!
Awesome gameplay!
For coin, jump high as the robot after UFO to skip the cube portal
goooood gameplay
This name/song combo is very similar to my level lmao i like the way you think
Cool, but a bit rushed.. Send to mods
GG really fun gameplay
You are officially top 3 favorite creators
awesome!
very funny
Me encanta mis respetos, GG
Love this level
hOly CRap IT s  so GOoD GaMEplaY
Ur back dude :)
gg 55 attempts. My favorite part id the duals ! Good job bro :)
creo is epic!
Nice level :)
6att so good !!!!!!
GG 99 atts lol
GG :)
45k obj
Sweet :)
A visually interesting level, and a fun one at that! Nice job, Werewolf. ^_^
So I was at the bank, and a old lady told me to check her balance, so I pushed her over.
Always cool, Sent :P
good luck for pronouncing the name :o
boob spelled backwards is still boob its a palandrome
Epic! Why 3rd page tho? Should be 1st.
title gave me a stroke 
121,000 stars. GG! :)
this level makes me think that werewolf had a stroke while writing the name im not going to lie
"Tap this orb" ...
If you remember the name of the level for one day you are a genious
nippohadnanippiha is ahippinandahoppin spelled backwards. your welcom.
Kids, they listen to the rap music, which gives them the brain damage with their hippin and a hoppin
when your 8 star level gets 9 stars
some really weird gameplay and design, and it strangely works really well
Welcome to the chat, over here you will find lots of people trying to get likes.
its easier to see the stuff without custom tbh
Probably the worst custom orbs and portals I have seen on any level ever
pretty neat. Only real complaints are that some 3d is wrong and that neither part is really stylized
Not bad :)
I like how the decoration just works really well together. it's kinda hard to tell who has what part
Happy to be apart of this :)
oh baby a triple
haha thanks its fine im not mad
% 
Wow featured already?! Awesome! Thanks so much for using my gp <3
I really wanna get to 69 but my phone boutta die
OmG This %
best level ive played in a while
puta el weon gordo
Nice!!!
aight thanks very much for the 2 coins goodbye
por que la gente hace esto? que clase de problemas mentales hay que tener como para poner eso??
This comment is hacked only mods can like it 
este nivel es una puta mierd@
oh god that hue
Unbalanced gameplay for a 5* level, but it's amazing :)
nice level :)
BREAKING NEWS: intruder broke into viprins house demanding cp
me helping other ppl to get top: it aint much, but its honest work
HoH is HoH backwards
black people are cool
just imagine if gd was made by ea
lets admit the community has some good elder mods but some of them get triggered easily
I always found it sus how I was demoted but its too long ago to dwell on now
Once 2.2 does come out, the recent rates are gonna be horrible
horror movie: minecraft cave sounds win 12 oscars
RobTop: "I will eat a sandwich tomorrow"    Xcreatorgoal: "ROBTOP CONFIRMS 2.2 RELEASES TOMORROW??"
ITS MY 17th BIRTHDAY :))
1 like= 2.2 -1 dislike: NO 2.2
good healing map
Like if bored
lets do truth or dare if everyone's bored
xCreatorGoal is a bad creator who used to hack and copy levels. He also isnt a good creator.
creatorgoal should be the main antagonist of world of light
Cool it down
GD is a long-time Mobile Store dominator. People will hear of 2.2's release, no doubt there.
hahahah !!! homo funy !!! que es colab? :!vvv
Pretty cool, Sent :D
If you ever rage in a GD level, remember to be toxic, dislike, hack and then proceed to bully mods
HOO WON BUFF GG
140120
Thank you for the dedication, awesome level <3
GG! 6 attempts :)
i am amoeba
GG my 100th demon
These are my favourite type of demons, amazing job :D GG!
Amazing level, just cant beat it :*(
8 att GGGGGGGGGG
Valio la pena la espera :b
wow
amoeba ask your grandma to do duelo maestro with me
im so happy demons are getting rated!!
Very fun level. 110,000 stars, GG! :)
nice tacos
GG my second hard demon
Estubo muy bueno c:
the gameplay is actually surprisingly decent :D
Sent 8)
The obstacles have colors almost as same as the background, which makes the level hard to see.
Great job another *uncreative* modern creator!!! (no hate bro im just jokin)
your first epic? :0
Gameplay is unsightreadable and ground spikes are hard to see. Cool level though :)
i love it, just so difficult to see block design and spikes on ground, please make it easier too see
Ayy another rate for Masooon! Kinda looks like that one Optical level tho tbh.
The best part about this level is that everything's the same color, making it hard to see. (sarcasm)
Optical is that you?
looks good, maybe more background effects?
this level is impossible to read lol
I CANT SEE
i can't see anything because everything is with same colour
kia
Amazing colors and design but some blocks are hard to see. Overall a very creative level!!!
i only wish the gameplay was more visible instead of blending with the bg
like for free poop
Pretty nice modern :) Sent to mods
gg!
lets have a moment of silence for all the colorblind playing this
Sent 8)
Thanks for helping me get my first featured skullgas125.
It's pretty neat :)
PASS 112233
GG FINALLY
you love rating stuff mulpan sends rob don't you
Why is this song so overused lol
tu primer * lindo level UWU
Al fin tienes featured!! Felicidades crack!!
Congrats - I heard Skull sent it - So i did too :) GG on first feature Juanzy :)))
GG ON CP!
Oiee!!!! esto es demaciado
the first part is awesome! :D
Im glad to help u get your first cp Juanzy. Love u bro <3
What can I say except                                     feature this
Nice!!! :)
GG! :)
love this song
THE PART OF WAVE IS EPIC:DDD GG!
Omg la cancion me trasmite no se, esta genial
bit generic, but not bad! Sent :)
93k ;)
Mozart but lizard
has tenido que esperar mucho para esto 
Gives me Adiale/Distortt vibes. 
not bad!
GG, Very good level, some improvements not many though! Fun level! :D
cool
GG! With coin!
fun
que nivel tan genial uwu
GG :)
why have lots of really good ppl commented on this
GG! :)
GG! :)
i like this a level , very well , you so follow or you best
Que jodido y entretenido nivel :3
ohhh nice level:0
gg
GG!
gameplay is not good, but nice effect! Sent :)
Real gaming hours
It's out. Yes!!!
120,000 stars. GG! :)
0803 is my birthday and its the password to all my levels just for a headsup folks :)
oh and uh this level is 100.052 objects so uh good luck peeps again sorry for bugs and gameplay :(
BROOO
We gamin'
Decent design, but the gameplay is incredibly bad. The design was nice and clean though.
Gameplay is bad
The gameplay trauma... not again please... *feels depressed*
furret
thx xooprus
0_0
OMG MULPAN SENT IT
nice one guys! thanks for dedication :)
Nice lvl guys ;)
Cool :)
Yay! Thx for letting me in this collab!
Great MC! This looks so epic! Each part has its own artistic features and stands out from eachother.
i let her have it. can we be done here
Thanks for this insane 5* star hard lvl! Was actually pretty fun to play & Sharks's dope as always<3
terrible gameplay :/
Everybody comments about how your deco is good and your gameplay is bad, but they are both great.
many glow yes
the drop was bad. to much glow
relly cool deco/glow, bad gameplay(::
Imagine if out was the last level he rated, like, im out XD
tbh i like the level and gameplay
i got 69 orbs
Who puts orb timings in a 5 star
Cool! :)
GG!
no
The gameplay sucks but nice design.
ufff is sync,decoration and effect to good  
4 att, GG!
this is better than 50% of featured levels ngl
Glowverload
You said "shit" in a featured level. What the heck. You should be ashamed.
Kanna Kamui dragon loli
GG :)
Like if you want Kobayashi-san Chi No Maid Dragon season 2
That was a fast Epic.
Has mejorado mucho :o
KANNA CHAN
78 atts, the song is kinda unfitting tbh, I actually really enjoyed the fast gameplay lol.
The only percentage better than 100
disapointed, didnt get to see Kanna
is it should be medium demon???
dont lewd the loli
RAVIOLI RAVIOLI DONT LEWD THE DRAGON LOLI
miss kobayashi's san chi no maid dragon?
GG! :3
thanks for dedication owo
gg (I personally think it's a medium demon though) :)
amazing lvl, maybe doesnt deserve to be a hard demon though, maybe medium? 35 att
gg :D good song boi
3796att gg!
can't believe i just played through an entire practise run of this and i didnt even get my fav waifu
This is awesome, good job
im gonna cry
Hope this gets rated my friend, sent to Mulpan! :)
The flashes could fade earlier so they don't obstruct vision, btw in general it's cool ;)
Dragon boy made a level !
Love you Ryu
cool level! ^^
MOMMENT
like if you're an undertale fanatic~
I LOOOOOOOOOVE IT 0_____0
ta nice japa
Like pelo JapaGod :3
G
11/10
G
Me gusta :b
Hi
GG, 39k stars!
GG 
nice
Very cool but make a moove structure you have lot of potential and very good way for use the glow :D
Well your name means pu*sy in czech xD
Feature-worthy!
I could see this getting featured :D
nice level.. +follow
Cool design and nice chill gameplay. Sent to mods and thx for dedi :)
looking back at this level feels weird yet very proud of this :)
nada mal xD
name thief :O
GG! 
OK, don't jump :)
It's deserved GG !
Since when did this get noticed?
Pretty neat! :D
aah I get it
gonorari zalupa
GG! :)
Good use of glow, I like it!
G
the "6 likes" is sus.
hi.
chim that la ngon qua mlem  mlem :P
You can't understand if you are not from Vietnam lol
the level name give me anxiety
9 stars not 8
gay
very cool lvl! thanks for the dedication
this should be demon
keep going rob dont stop youre gaming
GG! :)
GG! :) 69 Attempts! Very Cool And Fun Level!
Nice usage of effects.
ga` <('')
congrats!!!
featured it
chim means bird in vietnamese
Xong
rubrub
cc
omg i cant rebeat my lvl :'(
btw the quote was a joke, dont think i was actually hating on bunch lmao
"Use less glow and more creativity" - Caveplay
I expected this to be Stereo Madness with glow spammed around, not an actual good level
GG 10 CP GGGGG OMG THANKS GUYS SO MUCH
song is stereo madness does not mean it is bad level
if I wasnt stupid, I wouldve 1 att this. I love though, super fun. the name glowiness makes sense.
welcome to 2020, when stereo madness becomes an excellent song
Great lvl! :) Btw thx for using my CC entry blocks in the end <3
The last level which got rated with the song stereo madness was around 3/4 yrs ago (Zephyrs Madness)
I don't remember there being GLOW in Stereo Madness either, romlott
rob is misterious. he rates some lvl then he leave, then he rate more lvls
last comment: 100% this comment:
The comment under mine is epic
Roses are red. Violets are blue. Don't look at my percentage, for the safety of you.
This is great :D
why not
the fact that this has stereo madness as the song makes me giggle
I don't think Danzmen would be very happy!
TAKE THIS STUPID SALIENT
i'm actually trying out new stuff rn, hopefully new levels will be different (=
More likes, more ideas :)
Great Effect! Sent 8)
First featured in 2020! :)
Pretty good effects! Some bits inspired by Inspirative II from what I see. Not bad overall 8)
GG :) I really liked it however, some of the transitions were pretty annoying. Great job otherwise.
when u die on easier part in level.. ;~;
transitions need a bit of work, good overall:)
DEMONS :)
I Love This Level!!! <3
OH MY GOD it's one of the best levels y played since i got Geometry Dash :)
there is a glitch on wave to make u slower 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO STUPIDDDD
Really beatiful level! <3
oof
Really cool! :)
Gg me encanta la deco 10/10 : )
I like this level for many reasons. No upsidedown rockets/ufos is one of them
nice
Dear rob: MAKE EPIC NOW
what the hell
hey siri how to get a rated demon in geometry dash
toothpaste
nice teeth
would i be a good mod? just thinkin out loud here
like all comments
god of war 4 on ps 4
@dittohcones, what I like to call the aerostorm curse
wooow
guys rob is just playing 1 hour wave
gg
uuuuuuum
very cool
Can you rate Binary by halpmynamesucks and Royal Flu-
ebatb
What happened with sync ;o?
i have god of war on my ps4
@dittoh the world works in mysterious ways
dang
robinzon cruze adventure blyat
featured! Congrats!
hey guys this level is sponsored by duracell batteies. Buy those.
i like some of the backgrounds and art during the transitions but the designs and colors are lacking
This comment is sponsored by NordVPN. Awesome level , i like your beginning as a creator of 2020.
Pretty cool, I like the art in the transitions
thats me
coins: 24%, 61%, 75%.
yay thank yoy
@robtop when will you begin rating again)
To get the 1st coin get the key after the upside down part in the ship. Thank me later :)
Neanderthal
GG
Duracell is not cooler than this level
It's as if the level is unravelling a story: Calm, gentle and sweet. However, it's lacking colour...
I like the designs. Transitions are a little hard to sight read at times but not bad. :)
Chill
Cool! :)
thanks for dedication :>
Merry Christmas :)
Cool
800 user coins!
secured
secured
secured
secured
Just no
Congrats rayalexm. This wasnt even CLOSE to being deserved, but congrats.
Sent <:
you're not trash, but also tone down your ego. im not the best either but you're not better than me 
my part is super old
worst case of megacollab syndrome ive seen. gg tho. it seems rate worthy.
improve your pulsing, design, and everything overall instead of ignoring my criticism. 
LMFAO WHY ROB gg on cp tho
your first star worthy lvl, and its a MC.
kinetic v2?!?
How tf you organize this MC - everyone hates me lmao. If it gets a rate ima eat a sock in the drawer
Secured
secured
secured
secured
Bruh hello my friend , recent tab
ty for finnishing what i started :)
whos found this in recent  this looks epic
This is actually really good! I like how consistent it is. GG :)
@zJosh, a lot of my friends got cp today, i have my hopes WAY up high, i wont give up
Very good lvl; Rokioto part is too lag for me.
ok em
this is beauty, i hope his ge rated :3
Yes really cool but it's quite laggy for me (i have a bad phone lmao)
cool, nice
I think robtops given more stars in the entire game than there are in the sky
Holy shite lots of rates. Just came back. Could you rate Tartarus rob?
Amazing collab. Sent to mods !!
a
Iam glad how this level turned out! Thx for letting me participate in this collab :) GG! <3
GG! w coin :)
Very fun, GG:)
gg
GG! :)
GG
Pretty good
apank maybe star rate no feature?
love it
h aPANK
Is this proof that Hapank will be rated
very nice!
bruh
bro... this is so HOT
love it
this is so good :00000
Amazing. GG!
awesome
woo,come back
Congrats!!!!
beautiful level. amazing song choice. Could improve in the ending. Overall 8/10. 6*
gg
nice one bro
nice
i like this! feature feature feature!
gg on feature dude, you deserve it
WHAAAT? GG ON FEATURED BRO!!!
Sent :)
If Rob rated Mulpan sends would every level made in 2020 be featured?
Turn brightness on you bag of indian filth
LDM update will be soon.
Gaming everyone
grub cum jar
I swear if this dets daily...
i cant see
.
gg on your first featured level :]
Please excuse my part. I made it in less than a day and I dont want it to bring down the whole lvl.
whatwhatwhatwh when did this exist and get rated hhhhh
It may if Rob doesn't rate again
what's this "dream nail" thing i just found here
chinese medicine balls.
flame lock (cool)
Oh wow what a free 6 stars.... oh wait
seer fvcking dies
lol 777 downloads 77 likes
congrats dude :D
Updated :)
Neat design
i dont really like the odd choices for gameplay and its really messy :/
OMG DEMON!!! :D
Not bad my opinion, Sent ;)
GG maik :)
GG! 70 attempts :)
GG! :)
needs uldm
Updated..
GG! :) 45 Attempts (On Phone)!
does anyone relize the title says maximun
GGGG =D Good!
154att gg! its not hard demon
GG!
GG
36 att , gg
i just love ur levels ;)
Demon 1709! =GG= and only 98 attempts! Thanks you, Raff4g, for recommendation! :)
Gran nivel MayKoll
A DIOSITO LE GUSTA ESTO
Yay! un nuevo nivel de una gran persona que sigue sus suen~os mas grandes.. dios es vida :D
dios es amor
like si tu amas adios y atu mama 
Nada mal, me gusta mucho como usaron este estilo y los efectos :0!!
like dios,igora diablo
que bueno que dios me ame
Dios me ama!!!!
AMEN!
dios es mi padre :)
like si amas a dios
diosito vendice a este nivel y a todos, protegenos del coronavirus 
DIOS ME AMA :'D
Amnen Like Si Odias A diablo 
Aparte de Dios no me ama nadie.
Bendiciones A Los Cristianos <3
todos alaben a nuestro lord salvador jesus :DDDD
dios esta aqui
like si crees en dios
Amen hermano y bendiciones pal teorema.
Cool
Very cool!
Nine Circles, 2.1 edition!
>:)
gg all coins =)
uff
Easy and good level
gg then good luck on my feature worthy lvl , rip cp ;-;
gg 
GG! :)
Cool! ;)
like if you hate pop-up orbs
gmdf
very fear
i think you need to work on spike design, but not bad.
I love it!
GG!! Nice ^^
gameplay and coins are strangely fun
gg
im so shit
Robtop, I want to see this in featured tab if not im gonna raid your house with pillagers
Love it :D
what kind of magma bound easy red is this?,......... I LOVE IT!!! fun gameplay
Wheres magma bounds little sister
when u 2 noob to play magma bound
who ever hate this lvl has diabetes and cancer
Heartbeat sequel????
Pass is 101100 ;) Likes?
B R U H
"Mom, can we get Magma Bound?" Mom: "No, we have Magma Bound at home." Magma Bound at home:
Magma Bound Completed XD
Magma Bound but it's a ripoff and pedo themed
how
very fun and cool loking level good enough for featured
Magma Bound is a good level isn't it?
When you feel like a pro when you're playing Magma Bound, but it's not Magma Bound ! I like it.
i like the decoration. and the Heart theme
How pro players see Magma Bound
hes dedicated his heart to this level                                           ill leave now
no i dont bleed 
GG! 46 attempts and 123456 stars :)
199 atts, looks nice but the gameplay is dreadful.
Work on transitions next time please..
Yeah I'm never playing this dumpster fire again GG
pass is 366482
Nice
One of the worst easy demons ever
a little annoying
Ok im gonna be honest here, the gameplay and transitions are terrible, and this hurts to play.
these transition are the most awkward transitions ive seen in any level, theyre just WAY too sudden
Nice megacollab ;D
Amazing mc,i make last art ;)
it's old collab, i'm know there are bad transitions
this level sucks balls
GG!!! :D Nice Demon
Rate pls
bad
easy demon you say.
GG!! 307 attempts! Kinda Fun but a lot of these parts and transitions arent ED worthy imo!! :)
What a way to ruin a good song
No matter how visually pleasing a level is, most players won't appreciate it if gp is annoying.
Not 4 stars lmao
you made some awful gameplay here
WHAT. AM. I. MEANT. TO. DO. HERE.
Harder 6 :v
Frick Flutti's gameplay, all my homies hate Flutti's gameplay
52 intentos! GG! Should be rated Harder 6 stars! :)
coin: get hearts at 18%, 38% and 95%, itll appear at 98%. but honestly MY GOD THIS GP SUCKS! (sorry)
#UNRATEFLUTTI
GG! Very hard for 4*
never touch the editor again
piece of crap
four stars sure
didnt die at last wave, thank god I never have to play this again
kinda laggy on mobile :(
Rob is playing levels...
Update: I made the coin that has the level easier to find, that is all :^)
idk where's the route
GG! :)
lol isn't hard at least harder
where tf are the doritos D:
Blocked the secret way that gamerboss somehow found lmao
GG! Secret Way! Finally... this masterpiece is out! Thanks so much for this and the dedication! ;)
Sweet lvl , Sent ;)
I see my name :o 
i eet de liime chaps
super lvl
If Rob doesnt feature this he is out of his mind. Amazing level 11/10
Can we all just take a moment to appreciate the lime chip art cause its noice
lime chips dont even taste good but this level is a SNACK
i know raptor :pensive:
also, do him a favor, subscribe to his channel: GamerbossPlayz
bug i need to fixed whyyyyy
BRUH
lime chips are really good
Awesome level! Thanks for dedication :)
But in all seriousness, its a great level. Hope it does get featured :^)
Incredible.
nice and simple <3
Awsome$!!
144 attempts
Like si vienes por Guitar
174 atts, really fun gameplay, the duals are a bit tricky but it's not too bad.
so little downloads and likes... I feel it deserves more
Ahora no sera olvidado, Guitar lo a echo famoso
incredible!!!!! ;) sent!!
Like si vienes por el video de el taquicardias 2020 :v
q pena q un nivel asi tenga estas descargas y likes grecias guitar por decir este nivel gg in mobil
GG!!!!! Gracias a GUITAR me pase otro hard demon =)
like if you want to kill the dual spider
like si vienes de guitar :v
Like si vienes por guitar :D
subnormales: LiKe Si ViEnEs PoR gUiTaR
GG!! The duals were so hard but it was fun!
like si vienes x guitar
Gracias Guitarr :v
96 attempts. Cool.
wow 1 attempt after practice oWo
pupupupu pupupupu
GG! 59 attempts :)
Increible, me gustan mucho los bloques :)
I like the simplistic style
i like this
Nice
The Return of Robert Topola (2020, colorized)
NiCE :)
Nice!!!
very cool :)
great
I like how you are casually using mirror portals like any other portal
Amazing level :O 
Very nostalgic! <3
Thats Cool! Hope it gets featured
Woah is amazing! Sent to mods! 0:
ME ENCANTA, buen trabajo amigo.
I literally just want to play this over and over again! ;)
beep
this gives me 1.9 map pack vibes
Oh shit, this is art
Very cool
Really good level!! your level is only 3 places above mine in trending!
the part before the noice part was much better
WHY NOT EPIC?WHY NOT FEATURED?WHY NOT MAGIC?
69k stars
This needs to be featured.
try using hue,details shouldn't be only white and yes a bit empty not that bad
According to NoobLookingPro, if you want a level to be rated, begging is okay
"Maybe 6 or 7 stars harder" gets rated 8
Pass...?
brrrr cold
youre better than me ill say! :D
@nooblookingpro its a zoroa level its gonna get rated at one point lol
feature rub pls
Good
realy nice ! this should be featured
Really Nice=)
How to come up with a level name: "The" + song name
I was told my level was unlikely for Rate sl I basically update it every week :)
why am i still playing?
):
Intense and really colorful :) Sent <3
Really cool level, I love the gameplay and the pulses :3 Recorded
Epic!
 So beautiful 0o0
pretty good! easy-medium demon imo
Haha nice it got featured after years... Honestly it deserves it. Pretty fun to play.
injoy
FEATURE WORTHY!!!!!!!!!
What a nice level :)
Rebeat So Much Fun! :D
creo - dwyane johnson thing
i love lemons style :D
like if you saw "how u doing?"
h
There are some really good things in this level, but colors and some details are bad. 
So good..
(gg) Not only is the design cool, but the gameplay's pretty fun!
Great level! Easy Insane 8 Stars? ;]
hey, thats pretty gOOD
i love it <3 
I hacked this comment, You can't like it BOIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
Hey! Thank you for the dedication :) You got inspired by my level "Desu Ka" that's great! 
Hi Partition
iLUViT
should be featured xP
Should be featured.
GG! Terrible gameplay
double rate how
i dont know if this lvl rly deserves this feature but ok :)
complete all realtheo levels :)
freaking bad gameplay
double rate x2
Another double rate, congrats
im lovin it
AMAZING needs feature :)
Uwu Nice
0w0
You should work on making gameplay and block design tbh, also, fix those slopes in wave part >.<
I like it a great deal.
Feature worthy nice job!
whoa!!
rob going ham
Rob had a bit too much coffee today it seems
Wow! Nice job! I have seen you improve a lot! Sending this level to mods :)
I saw your map in an optical video and I loved it.
Optical ?
gg secret way
MORE ROB!
Who came from the one and only Optical? (cos i did)
i would suggest work on gameplay, 
doesn't fit the song at all lol
Good | Vengo De Optical
wow!!!!! soo cool!!
Gonna update it BTW
Amazing!!!1
rob you epic
GG! All coins :)
RobTop is high for not rating this.
GG! :)
where RobTop? where feature?
Nice :)
Not sponsered by Marvel
1 Demon = 10 Stars
So hard, but nice
my second demon rated :D Big thanks rob ;)
390 attempts. Better than original one for sure  ^~^
GG! 105 attempts :)
send to mods
By the way, this is the 15,000th level rated since 1.9 came out :)
Awesome Tongii Styled! :)
password 000022 :)
krutoy demon
its pretty cool ;)
don't look at my percentage
Gg 199 atts bad gameplay tbh
GG! 2574 ATT))
You cant kill me.. Im already dead tomorrow
Pass pls ;)
GG! That was so fun to play
WHAT!!!!!!!!!????
Hey, dont activate low detail, didnt work on that ;)
Awesome!
can we get an f for the song
Is good :) 
I like the bird at the end
Sent :)
LOL IT ACTUALLY GOT RATED 
GG. Para mi las partes finales son mejores que las del comienzo ;3
50-100 buena parte 
bonito
gg
Nice :)
fact: this level came out directly before future funk.
3rd coin pls
lol your old level got feature
didnt really deserve a feature bc of moving obj and some mediocre parts but ok
Awesome work!
Sounds Like Super Mario Galaxy
GG =)  53300 stars 
Thx for the 100 likes :D
placenta
when your level is so old ryanab sent it 
Bike is short for Bichael
lol garbage level gets featured part 3
happy new year
Glad to see a finish level from you. Awesome as always. :)
I think this might be the most rates in one day but idk
when your level is so old I could have sent it
@aero he got dangerouwly close to cerplex id lmao
gg g
yeg
old lvls lmao
GG
pls rob never stop :3
I love the song
the level is nice, but the music isn't that good for it
Great level :)
good
i cant see
dodgE chargeR
Here u go Yoshi. Have an apple
Hot af  :D
I am so happy I am a part of this :) Also great job to the other creators!! 8)
So glad to be a part of this! Everyone (Except for me) did amazing! 
your life as a creator not of
Secret way has been fixed, so hopefully it does get rated. :)
ROB THIS RATE SPREE IS THE BEST EVER, LETS BEAT YOUR RECORD SO IT CAN STAY THE BEST!
Hey Rob, if you see this, comment "Zoinks, Scoob!" lol
@orots dude rob is literally taking requests
Landon should be a Mod, Rob.
Well, I think it should be AT LEAST rated
Pretty fun to play. Liked the gameplay a lot, the design was kinda bland though. Landon was good tho
it stops lag on mobile
First jump is just fine xd
And welp, goodnight everyone, have a nice evening yall, good luck all and Wedges especially lol
I still love this
Rub watchin the comments go by...
Thanks for the feature! :)
this is absolutely great
Whaaaat lol Rob is over the top now 8)
^^
Like this if you love Bossyoshi
uhhh why are all the comments gone?
2.2 is YEARS AWAY
yea Years Away from beating this.
buggy
esto tiene que ser easy demon
megusta 
ue caca
gg
pass 6257
bruh the comments ._.
decently easy... gg
.
Qurvic
gg
a
GG 3 coins! 
bro ive found like 4 diffrent glitches before 15% lol
Stupid gameplay, easy coins, and cool decoration. Good job.
In first time I read "Clutterfunk"
Oh wait. This is a comment?
Creadores: Chiand, Dangerkat, Axdrel, FurixGD, ZkullGD, Nunet, Stevstyles, Drob3, Darkrozz y yo.
GG gameplay for me was not great :/
like if you thought the level was called clutterfunk at first
What you get when you take l out of Clutterfunk.
GG! 124 attempts :)
GG! :) 159 Attempts! The transitions to the part of the coin is not ideal! In general, level is fun!
Pass: 564238
Clutterfunk
pass is 564238
When you can already tell this is gonna be good
GG! :)
Next level:Lutterfunk
donde esta el epic? denle epic now >:v
232 att
i love this level so much one of my favorite hard demons :D
the 2 comments below me show some duality
when you *cut* the "l" out of "clutterfunk"
The creator put so much work into this but people are just disliking every comment :(
IT'S OUT!!! Thanks for letting me verify :D
Fun Fact: This is the 200th Extreme Demon >:)
First Victor! GG :D
It's finally out! Huge thanks to all people who helped me, especially to Blaze!
best level g
fun-fact, 1793 year is the date of the II partition of Poland.
That wast fast :O
Good job guys ;)
GG Kapi
Well guys, sadly it didn't get epic, but hey, it's still a demon and 10 stars! Good luck guys!
nice job !!
Waiting for "Alphabetic Trilogy"...
90 GG!
GG extrav for being the second victor!
RATED!!! YES
Update: fixed some bugs and made LDM a bit stronger. Have fun! :)
YESSSSGELTRSJUHIOTRYDG
Finally. after dying 25 times in 93%
Update: fixed transition between Morce's and Rinex's parts and fixed two annoying spots.
now that is my 500th demon
Havent seen this song in a while...
Sent ;)
Have'nt heard this song in a good while :P
am I the only one who gets animusic nostalga from this song
Congrats for your first cp!
I like the "Almost" at 50% x)
yes 200 likes!
Poyeahbalo cie cos
Like the song,Not only the level ;)
YoU arE so CloSE! at 62%. 62.
gg on first cp!
I like this one! :)
yo, gg on first feature dude!
yes
I managed to still get the coin, but I died.
finally someone used this gold song in 2020
some transitions arent the best but its ok
GG!!!!!!1!1!1!1!1 5000 STARS!!!!!!!
GG! :)
Blade of Justice song Yes!
EPIC RATE. NOW.
very fun!
dude HOWWW? how are you so good at creating already lmao
1st try. Love it  <3
Boblo how could you
relax deco
gg giggs : )
b
Thats pretty good
Deserved epic tbh
why isnt this epic lmao
gg :)
1 att :/
GG estoy en el Top 198 mmmmmmmm
very easy gg. good level
this is so fun holy crap!
Incredible level, really good ldm and somehow i managed to beat it in one attempt. gg! :)
mfw 2 attempts
bruh
GG 4 ATTEMPTS NO PRACTICE
Thanks but I really thoght this was gonna get epic :/
Nice background, Sent :D
I think it should have been epic
Bruh this needs to be epic, re rate this rob cmon
god darnit, this isnt an epic! Roptop......go to the blizzard and feel the punishment
the level is winter themed, so i wouldn't consider this hot :(
Im speechless, this level is amazing! This deserves epic, in fact its better than most epics! 9.0/10
Roses are red, violets are blue, happy 2020 to all of you!
honestly with the tremendous lag I had I was surprised I beat it
ULDM please
Used LDM cuz lag but still awesome!! GG :D
laag
epic
gg dude!
GG, but the lag is amazing!
fcking unplayable, idk how i even got there. god, i hate 2.1 for being so not optimised
Yes, Amazing ,Very
@Luke, nah I think its cuz it had a bad LDM. Its way better now imo
low detail mode
stupid lag
Cool, Sent =)
OMG OMG!! THX RUB <3
imagine being able to see the gameplay :joy: :joy:
si a esto no le dan featured....no se que carajo quiere el mundo ;)
Next time try to like... properly judge the difficulty of your own level. Thank you.
This gameplay is astonishly horrible
<3
awful gameplay.
El gameplay es algo inpredesible y eso lo hace algo incomodo, pero no quedo tan mal el nivel.
nice!
:)
Gameplay is bad.
wheres all the boobies
Nhielo
WOW every gameplay part from 50% to the end are complete f-in garbage
Good design but oof gameplay
The design is really cool, but the gameplay is horrible, and ruins the level for me :(
GGGGGGG First CP Nice <3
Thank you very much for the dedication <3.
biggest pile off poo level in terms of gameplay legit disgusting. design is hella nice tho
Miercoles 22/01/20 Mi primer featured :)
Like, if you see this level before feature :)
Cool you have pottential ;D
very niiiice! the level definitely is A Little Dark! deserves a star rate, 100%.
muy bien bro :0
6*-Featured
te bueno uwu
Ufff nice, sent to mods <3
Amazing! Feature worthy! Nice effects with not annoying gameplay :)
Amazing!
loved it!! :)
!
Buen nivel :)
nice lvl
wenardo :v/
Awesome level :)
Buen nivel,por cierto..te se extran(~)a bro
very good
Los colores estan medio raros, pero lo demas bien ejectuado! 8)
Like for featured!!!
very very well made, l like it :)
It's my most cartoonish and childish level evur, understandable if you say cringe cuz u r an adult
that bomb concept is cool
131,000 stars. GG! :)
how many drugs did u put in this lvl?
ngl more demons would be nice *cough* jolly journey *cough*
oh we are naming our icons now? Mine is called.... uh... bob
OMG i have this guy friended and he has creator points 0_0
the ultimate cringe doesnt exi-
haha, time to try again
Sin palabras >///<
my day would have been objectively better if i DIDNT see this
wow so good men i love this level
furrie=gud
ew
GG =3
IM HIGH ON CRACK
Epic Bossfight! Awesome Cartoonish Design!
kinda hard to citeread
Thank you for ruining my day
Sent 8)
For this to be someones first level is quite suprising! Great job!
best lvl i have ever seen1 <3
nice
Amazing start for a first level. And it makes sense i found this in the magic section, lol.
Magic Image? More like Magic Section
i see some potential
cool :)
EPIC,FEATURED,LEGENDARY
really nice one good job
)
THis is so good, I love it!
why
Amazing level! Good work!
very nice level.
cool level
finnaly gg
RLLLLY
feature this
ok ok OOOOOK
Muy Bien.
WHY IS THIS RATED HARD LMAO
Bonito :3
ldm+
muy danieldlc pero igual esta epico 
GG + Two Coins ;) Auto in the middle is WAY too long ;)
300th liker               2000th downloader ;)
[Esta Muy Bien Echa]
gg
cool :)
gg
Great! =)
Its very cool
this level is so explorers by henixs that my computer turned into windows 15
laggy
lazy auto
GG! :)
:)
Bomnito
esta mamalon< 3
<3
Hey, TeamNukeIIX, i saw you on DanZmeN*s stream this morning (Jan 6)! Don*t give up! :))
Why did you remove the 2 coins? >:(
Keepin' the rate wave goin' we are ! :POG:
GG! All coins :)
G
GG :)
Lets see if Xoroz can get rated :()
wow, you turned something that was okay and made it beautiful. I love this!! :D
whole level looks the same, and dhaner style too? :/
interesthing last ufo part but cool
yeah bro being good friends is hella gay
feature
These colors are beatiful. :)
Great simple level Sent to mods :)
WHAAAAAAAAAATTTTT
Fart fetisch comment
Dhaner Style. Good Level
really good
YES! MORE!
lvl mantap
How the heck is this a 4 star???
bjir
Congrats on first rate, looks great!
2 3 banjir bjirr
p wr wb
Bjir
bjir dpet piturd
Bjir nro
gg with coin
Wow
Heunceut
dah lah keren:o
bjir
njir
Only 4 stars? Naaaah
mantap-mantap
@Ztechno sorry but miles away tbh
monsters and eyes xD
glup duraki
GG! 129,000 stars :)
Lol amazing, was good participate x)
epic!
hola vengo de facebock :D
amigos sigan dandole amor
HOLY GROIGY
Nice :b
this is fun, but it looks ultra empty. gl <3
GG....NICE LEVEL :3
Nice
epicardo
epico brow
GOOD JOB,LIKE :)
really great level!
gg on another person getting their first cp!
boss sucks ngl
Gameplay pronto
ola vengo de facebook amigoooo,ta shido el nivel
amazing gameplay and good desing, pls do more
nice!
WTF? How was this rated!? No one even looked at this for a long time!
I'm not complaining though. I'm just surprised.
LMAO
Nice and original style!
Congrats on another feature Ternamit! :)
31 rates so far, lets get more!
awesome dual gameplay, nice unique style and colour range. quite nostalgic
That originality!!!
easy and fun to play level, really enjoyed it :)
he was taking a trip to the city
kurwa kutas
Cos ty chlopie odjebal XDDDDD
this looks like it was made in 1.8 lol
russian roulette is very casual wdym
Your style is very well executed!
great gameplay, no idea why it has so few likes
Congratulations!
the gameplay is really fun more 8* though
GG! :)
sick
imagine this got rated...                                                                 
91 downloads, 19 likes, 919 objects :0
when wmc22 ended a year and a half ago but you still wanna make the winning entry
LMFAO IT GOT RATED
dont take this level too seriously -grebe
And people say my level cant be featured because its too simple..... look at this one :/
this level puts the q in gay
Clean as hell, and i like the idea of making an actually ok full length level in under 1000 objects
epic cycles moment
not sure how this was featured but thanks anyway 
for 919 Objects its good. for a Feature its bad.
Beginning is good, but it kinda goes downhill after that...
no homo but i love you
GG secret way!!!!
This got rated OMG
This is hella good for only 919 objects
just because it doesnt look the best doesnt mean it shoudlnt be featured, this used 919 obj lmao
HE'S NOT LYING ABOUT 919 OBJ I CHECKED THE EDITOR! THAT'S CRAZY
....919 objects...
like if level is good ;)
the level was disappointing after a loud title like this
The gameplay is confusing, but nice level tbh.
that "auch" is disturbing me.
Este nivel no tendra feature :'( Ningun mod lo envio, Bye tutti frutti 
Nice :)
Like this for no reason! :)
10k download, Thanks everyone very thanks ;)
I don't even remember a single one of this guy's levels and now he has 54 CP
good song
Grande Guitar <3
Really not bad
love it
GG Good level bro!
nice, I found this fun
GG! 6500 estars... Thanks :)
1 coin!
10000th download!
yuck
This gameplay is so weird, it breaks all conventions xd
FuTiTi ;p
amazing :) sent
Like si tenes pene
like if you think robtop should rate this lvl with epic featured
RobTop has gotten to the point where Mulpan is more trust worthy than ViPriN ngl
14.5k stars, gmd
GG :) Awesome !!!
v e r y  n i c e  :)
h
jertvi obstoyatelstv
Some part could have been better but overall it's good. Sent to mods :)
Now this level is the definition of underrated
Oh thats nice
This Is Lit Dude!. Now at this point i hate robtop
Beautiful Level!!!
((:
1 attempt fluke owo
Another amazing level in the amazing magic level
FEATURED PLSSS ROB!
I want this became EPIC!!!
easy
Epic Easy!?
Nice level Efrain! Sent <3
Tu novia debe de estar muy contenta contigo :3
omg we found a good recent lvl!!!
Like si crees en dios :)
al menos se que dios me ama
Sin palabras, muy buen block design ^^ pero a la proxima metele ms Air Deco <3
que dios te vendigo
Like si Dios te ama!
Good Desing! but i think that the gameplay is boring tbh.
Dios te ama. <3
algun dia creare algo asi :,v
Auto 1*
que suerte tienes de tener novia :'v
If this gets top comment I will eat a plastic fork whole (no lie)
:") likes si tu no tienes novia
y las estrellitas? y los billetes?      robtop ha muerto :/ XD
superrr eczquisitooooo
Video in my YT chanel ^^
GG
Another classic decent generic level  <3
very fun to play!
we confirmed here folks, kuda is real
neat but kinda sorta looks dated in some parts :/
great level ;3
If you're a mobile player, I'd suggest to activate smooth fix to prevent too much lag.
GG <3
omg this is so old XD
Full version submitted :) Hope you like!
Muy Ermoso ^_^
very cool <3
Seems fun but, deco is to glowy
come scusa?
so generic lol
FINALLY, GOD THIS TOOK LONG TO GET RATED!
@Simone777 Pochi mod requestano ultimamente :/
porco due quanto ci mette ad essere ratato?
GG!
cool
:)
yeah making a joke is totally begging
Pretty nice :)
Its funny that thazm is accusing an elder of rate begging considering he asks for a rate everySecond
rob rates all my levels and breaks the record :mabbog:
nice! :)
Nice lvl
partition send
Rob keep it coming! This is a REALLY good rate wave
more like timeless by sirhadoken amirite
increible ;3;
I love to all <3
:D
Featured :)
Here, i dont know why you incuded movement with the platform but whatever.
nice job :)
jacobmorrow gets a rate
pass???
this is proof that rob still cares about the game
Decent :)
40 atts beat this amazing level
this gameplay is absolute garbage tbh
very bad gameplay
Desing is so ggod, but pls imrpove on gameplay. Well done! :)
Bad gameplay :(
bad gameplay :|
Boss was really bad :(
incredible design!
Should not be rated.
trash lvl
I really hate bossfight
Delete from existence
hay un poco de nivel en tu danolex 
But the bossfight is bad
Bossfight is pretty wonky, and moving objects could have been executed better. 
bug moment
Bad gameplay
Mmmm bad attacks in Boss Fight part.
LETS GO ROB. YOU CAN DO IT!!!!! Only like 60 more rates.
terrible unnecessary bossfight
boring, with a stupid bossfight
Im gay
hey ive seen this before, i would like if you make the cube rotate 180 degrees when you jump
this is like the most confusing thing to happen to me for a while. like why on earth
Wow this is dope!!! Great work you did awesome ^^ and thanks for the dedication dude :D
oh no
Also i am going to send to mods. Hope for rate ;)
awesome level dude
StubbyPinatas lost looks way better than this cube.
thanks for dedication you oof
1000 downloads
had fun watching this get made on twitch, gl on feature :D
Streamer BTW             ohhhh exposed          like I have no life
Cool concept!
already 108 likes lmao
s alright
169atts demonic UFO part tho
@galaxxyss what if i beg for neo city by galaxxyss to get rated
how do yiu make it rotate
AWESOME! :D
Fun :)
not bad :)
Wiv29 <3
Not bad x2
Nicd collab owo
10/10 very good level :D
cute
Good :3
Nice UwU
te quedo genial
Decent :)
only 14 likes to get top comment!
Pretty decent
amazing :)
uhhh, muy bonito xD.
Me encanta
More like Galagxica...
Amazing level
Weird style change but ok
Like if u see it in magic and trending
kewl
I wrote a poem in viprin style for you guys. Roses are red, Roses are red, and Roses are red.
Pretty good colors, Sent :)
when you touch at first, you will see something
Nice! =)
ayay ese titulo del nivel me recuerda a algo, no es hentai .__.
Mr.stark, I don't (title).
secks feel so good
So are we not gonna talk about the name or what
woah
easteregg!
SoNg Is nOt AlLoWeD fOr UsE.
Should be epic tbh
To get the first coin, do a jump between the teal and green notches on the platform
perfect
Mr Stark
i feel nice
Mr. Stark-
very nice!
thanos ending XD
mr. Stark... i feel so good
plis top comment!1!
Looks amazing, Sent =)
b4lls
*Task failed successfully*
trippy
this is such a good level :) keep up the work
very amazing level indeed
Nice :)
great lvl well done!
gg, awesome ball challenge!!!   :D
C00L :D
this is the best ball level i ever played GG
like if you didnt notice that your ball is notthe one you use.
Wow I thought I had changed the ball and I went to check where I have the icons and I like what?
Really cool!
This is amazing! I love your levels! 
Gg fun level!!!
Really cool 10/10
nice level both coins :)
cool number
not good gameplay, but overall, it's good. Sent :)
Very cool, but idk about the gameplay, still feature worthy! :)
you are my favorite creator
Gameplay had some bad transistions, work on them! : )
Transitions can be improved :)
nwn/
El gameplay no es bueno, pero solo por eso le quita  lo asombroso del nivel! 8)                     
looks like you decided to make a glow level but changed your mind half way through
NEW RATES
wow nice level
EPIC!!!!
new rates!!!!! yeeet
i just like ending here
Esta Cancion me motiva A ser Feliz Cada dia :3
OMG WOW o_o
GG 900 user coins!
uy el witherlag
Not bad gameplay but some transitions could be better imo.
cool design, feels a bit empty in some parts but still amazing. feature worthy.
55% part is SO COOOL
Yes
Sent ;)
take it easy, 2.2 will be out later
2.2 is soon ! Like if you want 2.2 , dislike if you don't want it...
ROBS GOING FAST!
fun
Really cool level, nice job! :)
good level :)
lol agils u were right 
1 att and 1 coin!
bruh
GG
:)
GG
3 attempts fun level
easy
i love it :D
Oh, so sweet! I love the atmosphere & the peaceful, harmonious & uplifting song! Thanks so much! <3
nice
The deco its excelent. Sync and GP are too good. 9/10
The level is too empty and there should have been added more backgroumd deco. Good gameplay though.
rob style really does give you free cp
Maybe rate but feature? Why Rob.. there are lots of levels better than this that doesnt get noticed
I typically love Robtop styles, but this is just empty and boring...=\
:facepalm:
the level is emptier than my soul
I just wanna know who tf sent this level
cool!
Gracias RobTop por el featured, disfruten. :D
I like this level and im not tryna be mean, but why is this featured?
Like the Robtop style!
FINNALY a rated lvl with my favorite song. GG :)
the fact that this is featured make sme cry
Well uh...that was quite boring honestly, maybe a rate only :/
doesnt matter. still a bad level thats featured
nice layout, hope this gets decorated! /s
Vengo de Facebook Amigo
Who sent this? i gurantee if i made this it would get no sends
Rob only rated this bec the smiley face moves
1 like = 1 prayer for mitte
Really nice in terms of design, but the transitions and movements ruined the gameplay. :/
GG! 94 attempts, I dropped this a few nights ago to work on something, so 40 to relearn :)
Like if you think this is not Hard Demon
:eyes:
Like if you dont like like if comments
my mom said if i got 10 likes on this i can get ice cream
c:
Never touching this garbage again gg
The level is hideous, gameplay is terrible, and the level is definitely not easy demon. 2/10.
GG! :) 85 Attempts! Very cool level, there are some abrupt transitions, but it's not bad! Fun level!
I remember seeing this in the recents tab
looks too generic for epic
some of the worst gameplay I've seen in a while
GG! :)
GG 126 attemps! :D
GG casi muelo al final
el de arriba es mi novia 
ta bien
Demons automatically get hard when they are first rated. then the players rate and it changes. 
:O!
The gameplay is so freaking fun in this.
62%
This is really fun to play. :)
Amazing level, I knew something good would come of staying up till 2:00 am for no reason at all!
this is epic worthy imo.
whoops forgot to add stars now that you mention it- but its ok
WHAT
i dont know how many stars this deserves anyways, probably around 7-9 like you said
mods plz
you are one dedicated partition parody account nice lol
We interrupt Imagination Nation to bring you today's sponsor... RAID SHADOW LEGENDS! :)
who is here from partition?
when you realize things cant always go your way
yes indeed, this is most definitely feature worthy, very possibly epic worthy.
ALL TRAVEL TO IMAGINATION NATION IS CANCELLED DUE TO COVID-19 CONCERNS, EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY.
it was actually originally going to be a demon but i decided not to
Not funny. PLEASE DON'T LAUGH AT ME >:(
one year anniversary of imagination nation getting rated. thank you, everyone
Im suprised this didnt get epic rating.
._.
dislike for that "ur gay".
this level isn't unique what soever. it's just another horrible hard to sight read level.
Unreadable trash, with a stupid comment in it. Disliked.
gameplay could be better :)
This gameplay is absolutly terrible... Completly unsightreadable...
imagine saying "your gay" and "owo" in the same level
what the hell is going on it told me im gay and then i couldnt see what was happening wtf
this is the worst 2.1 level I have seen
personally, I dont think this deserved feature. rate, maybe. but the gameplay. OOF
"Ur Gay" is immature, especially when the level is bland and hard to read. You played yourself.
Gameplay is awful...=( Also, why is Izhar's logo at the end? 
The gameplay is bad whether you like it or not and that's your fault, not the player's fault
This entire level is confusing. The gameplay, the names, the logos, the text? Don't know dude...
nice design, horrible gameplay
There are decent parts. It's a shame that the bad ones have to bring the level down. Dreadful...
The gameplay is so shitty
I usually dont get this angry at bad levels but the sheer lack of respect this shows is aggrivating
Bitz, you can go shove it for thinking that ANY of the decisions you made in this were good ideas
I hope you, or any of the mods that sent this, take a good look in the mirror
smh if you get offended by "ur gay" u need help
the gameplay is good, but the designs and the level in general feel rather empty sadly :(
I don't like the invisible jump pads tbh
who here is single?
why is this featured... gameplay sucks
xin chao and gg
I don't love this lvl. No feature :(
i dont
that was a bad gameplay decision dude
stop asking for imagination nation. begs dont get levels epic. let it get epic on its own.
This is basically a knock off jayuff level
10k Downloads, thanks c: <3
Feliz Sad Valentin :'v
Vietnam music ;)
stop with the invisible portals please
no veo los portales no se cuando cambia mi cubito 
what the hell is this
Like if You Find Secret Way
mongoloid gameplay
bad level
f song
Well, not bad! Sent ;)
GGGG
Going to add LDM at some point
i meant a thumbs up my bad xD
really solid work, this flows pretty well. could be cleaner but i can tell this will get rated :(
Thank you so much Rob for so many rates today!
GG! Coin: up to 2%
best rate wave
Absolutely fun ! :3
first comment in 6 months.
Woah nice job!
GG! :)
some more demons?
ayy i just remembered this level. good times.
gg ez
Goooodddd
GG!
GG! :)
I read the title as ashtray lol
GG
Not the type of stuff i usually make buuut... yeah. 2020 begins in 4 hours for me. Happy new year!
Doesnt really look like Meltdown, but still a decent level.
oh hey this level got featured even tho it isnt feature worthy. what a surprise
slushy, i am still waiting for the nudes... good level anyways
This looks like its from early 2.0 ... precisely when meltdown came out. Not bad
Also could be called "No good deco"
Awesome :)
cool but why feature?
seems that i came back to early 2.1 :P
This says no speed change but my house is getting consumed in flames even faster please fix this bug
Not a fan
43k Stars!
 understandable. i dont know how most of my rates even happened, nor how i deserved them lol
Not even rate worth it imo but grats anyways
this is terrible wtf
ligma balls
to everyone reading this: Hi
d
not bad
ok this is pretty cool! i love the magic tab
Ldm isn't done :)
first 60% was so good, then it just died :(
Good MC, Sent :)
woderator
POG
Very nice megacollab. Great job everyone!
muLPAN SEND
LDM doesnt help. : p
the LDM definitely doesn't work for some parts .-.
Why not Qag2 rob?
GG! :)
hidden road just before the drop of the song
problem with level, way to many pauses
LDM is literally nothing, 1O fps as it was without it...
owo, 7 stars
free 7 stars
This is some of the best gameplay I have seen, 15 att, fun level!
Completed level attamps 24
it's very cool lvl
158,000 Stars, GG! :)
Damn, what a masterpiece! awesome job bro
Amazing! :D
Amazing work :)
im absolutely speechless... one of my fav levels of all time! ;)
<3.
Oh man I absolutely love it! Gameplay is amazing and designs are extremnely polished and unique! GG
Password is - 886105, Like so people can see the editor of this absolute masterpiece
SO GOOD
I love it!
Great.
201 attempts
Masterpiece. Great job!
This level sucks at being bad
well done! amazing colors
pretty nice atmosphere :) Sent!
Esto es legendario.
GG, great level.
GG! 100 attempts :)
Outstanding effects, colors, & design! Love it 8)
Very very nice!! :D
Dude this morning i ate so many waffles it was fantastic and i cant wait for tomorrow nice level 
no one noticed that the song was talking about your cube and the coin
Great level! Hope this gets featured! :D
Hermoso!
All coins in my YT channel :)
Coins: key a 3 coin at 10, 53 and key at 93 coin at the end. All Your Rate Levels Done, GG! :)
this is just amazing! your a very talented creator
HOW DO PPL DECORATE LIKE THIS? FRIGGIN JEALOUS
really cool fun gameplay
gg 2 coins xd
password is 091103
wow, that level was great
Neat level :)
Greek goddess or dwarf planet
<3
1 coin! Why!!! 
wow hope this gexts epicc
best level in my life
fantastic
3 coins.
like kalo lu Indo "_"
who else skips the purple jump pads and flukes the level?
OwO
English: that looking good Indonesia: ANJAAAYYYYYYYYYYYY
Anjay Mabar Indo Lik uy :v
LuM1NoX. Hey old friend. Im glad to see what your doing. KEEP IT UP!
anjay mabar
Anjay keren :D
Saya datang dari masa depan dan bilang creator level ini masuk penjara
hati hati ditangkep gan
siapa yang indo like maaf kalo ngemis like
anjay mabar
DOBLEH,JAMAL,TAUFIK,KABUR
Yeey
LuM1NoX! TianzCraftGD! Best Match! Yaay An Awesome Collab!
P       E       R       F       E       C       T       I       O       N
Yg Indo ADD Teman Dong :v
Maka dari sekarang kita harus berhenti menggunakan kata tersebut ;v
untung si lutfi ga maen gd
vov supr levl
I am a Rock-Pear.
Agils made the gameplay? Never decorate Agils' gameplay again.
If Adam and Eve had a fight, would it be a World War?
only popular gd players get hundreds of likes
why on earth is this featured and third place
i cant see anything
feels like a dhaner level with different deco. excellent job :D
First parts were good, then ended... not so good
Really cool :)
brain.exe has stop working. Confusion.exe has opened. Reaction... rebooting... wtf
algunas transciciones se pueden mejorar 
not bad :)
rub rub in movil no lag, but in pc lag?
lagggg:(
Loll
i defeat the lag lol
No offense but theres too much glow and it seems low effort
OSII owo
my computer died while i was 84% into and i cant get back there like to help me complete
this level hurts my brain just like math...
hello.                                    its me.
cool collab
HeLL0 fRoM tH3 0Th3R s1De
Great 7w7
fun!
mulpan by adele
:3
can mulpan send his own level??
pass 111111 like?
LIKE=MULPAN.DISLIKE=ME
What guys, am I a scumbag. say it.
ur not a "scumbag"
Like if you here before feature
tornado over here like: No more begging! If you one more beg, I might Robtop! And map delete star!
KpacuBo
I like the music ;)
at least have an adele song instead of fatrat
cool modern disighn
Adele is very good.
Fun ! :OO
Anyone Else Noticed That Potbor Backwards Is Robtop?
this comment mentions 2.2, you may now like
Hey kids on the computer, if you press Alt+f4, you'll get top comment.
a man kissed you while asleep, like to redo
Daily Level Name: " We like Robtop" Daily Chat: "We hate Robtop"
Did you know Robtop spelled backwards is NO ONE CARES
Fun fact: sharing your age on a public chat is dumb and irresponsible
theres still a lot of people in the pevious daily lol
What if you wanted to go to heaven but god said... you cannot verify a level if it has a start pos
due to his heart condition, johnathan sleeps 24 hours a day
i dont know if i want to complete this lvl.  its pretty bad 
For breakfast we are serving freshly fried depression with a side of bad grades
this has got to be the worst daily chat possible
the design is lazy, the gameplay doesn't fit the song. this level is an overall mess.
pass 555666
look, trump ain't the antichrist, he ain't some holy priest either. hes just a president.
robtop said after 2.2, 2.3 should take a maximum of 6 months
Toys R Us Died Because Amazon took over.
We like RobTop?
Hey, I have a novel idea, let's be alkali and make a layout. Then, name it "Robtop" Free Epic!
Do the mario swing your arms from side to side come on its time to go do the mario take one step and
i commented hi rob 5 seconds before it got rated
hi rob
rice
vinterleken
yesss
Rise from pain: IcyHot
nice mc! and great gameplay too :)
Only Australians can get epic.
GG 1 attempt and 16400 Stars :)
I also like Carnitines part! =0
fun.. gg 1 att
so it seems I was the 10,000th download, cool
i really dont know how i survied at the part mini robot :/
Hmm... 2 attempts
yay giggsy
epic !!!  
One of more interesting maps recently
i absolutely love the gameplay, its really fun!!
Yay! Its out!!! :) 
Interesting concept :)
why is the upper part twice better than the other one lol
Choclat
Who else thought the line that split the screen in half was the ceiling or the floor?
Innovative collab concept 8)
person below is god :)
I helped Awzer fix a secret way bug at the wave. No worries, It's fixed now. You're welcome. HMOOSH!
ok this is so confusing
secret way(ve) has been fixed, thanks <3
Awesome level but I agree with Neutrii
Weird coins.
I LOVE IT!! THIS NEEDS FEATURED!!
thank
sounds like SOMEONE is bad at getting the coins lmao
i really dont know about this, sorry dude.
pretty cool. I don't like glow style, but this is really unique. I'll try this sometime :3
Pass is 050518
This is something I have never seen before. The design isnt anything special, but the idea is cool.
Great level
i like laki's part a lot more than awzers, but awzer's part gets better progressively
cool :)
Cool and beautiful level! :D
not bad ;)
Like que la 2.2 salga este 2020 :(
really nice!!
ep ic
Navidash lol
epic :)
Awesome level 
Wow, epic!
No lag :0
very very good
GG Cool level :3
gg :v 
Here before epic
FELIZ NAVIDAD A TODOS
amazzingg :)
GG EPIC LEVEL ^^
GG MUY BONITO EL NIVEL 
Nice level.
RATED IN 5 HOURS WHAT
the coin couldve been more interesting and some spikes before 75% are barely visible
what is sprite cranberry?
Great level Xyle!
My percentage does not look Fresh at all
Gg
Should be epic
like if you like minecraft
go to top comment?
Love it
GG :) 22,000 stars
Fixed the 48% transition as best as I could. Hope this makes this level more enjoyable! c: (2/2)
Fixed 12% bug. Fixed visual bugs for mobile users. Added BG effect off trigger. (1/2)
LIK si te moristes el comienzo por un bug
this is gonna be a FRESH year i can tell:)
12% is really annoying
good gameplay
Bug at 12%?
This song hurts my ears
Amazing level. :)
cool! :3
^^
Petition to illegalize invisible jumppads in portals
Yesssssssssssssssssssss
lol took us all long enough but it's worth it, happy 2020 y'all
Nice!
Very good level))) 5 stars and epick))
Yay! Sorry for the bad gameplay in my part tho :))
Awesome
Confusing af.
finally 
oh yea i made a part for this awhile ago lol. glad to see it finally out!
This dash is trying to hide from me
RATE TIME
cool
<3
hint: only touch orbs......... wtf
Totally feature worthy
ggs
some of you guys need to learn how to not make your speed changes invisible, neat level tho
Playing this level without activating the ULDM is at your own risk :)
Sent :)
metopia
Really good, I really enjoy it :)
Kamu terpilih dr jutaan umat buat langganan CUMA 5 RIBU dpt 5GB 3hr! SK Berlaku I0003. Aktifin skrg
NOTICE : This level contains a lot of objects and can be laggy on some devices.
beautiful level big brother,epic rate when? X3
Very Impressive!
Visually interesting & fun to sightread! Nice work here. :D
19 fps
nice
lol hi, just got let out of school early cuz of snowww
Much better gameplay than your other levels, it's a shame that it didn't get epic rated.
Pretty cool 
:o
Beautiful, nice job :)
GG! 38.3k stars :)
Really nice, I like the color combinations on each part. Except the colors in the first part tho
came here from FB amazin level!!!
so effing laggy, why is there only an uldm?
i don't want to tell this too much but some autos will be fine 
cool! me encanto como haz hecho el cubo :o
At first I had my doubts, but as the level went on it got really really cool. Good job man!
yea, autos would be nice. also, TheAlmightyWave and iLunaire have amazing new levels :)
Primer aniversario Two Twenties :3!!!!
my eyes...
2.2 be like!!!
Pretty awkward tbh
Interesting concepts, the flashes are way too bright though o.O
epic
pure art... love it                                                                       (my eyes)
Featured 
rly cool ideas :)
What!? this is amazing!
This is some 2.2 shit, such a sick level
WTF IS HAPPENING
awsome level...even though i didnt finish
Inspirado en Jayuff, Yael Ximil, IZhar y en el final de Future Funk. <3
GG! :)
This is one of the best
wayyyy too bright, plus the gameplay is trash
we can't see anything
gameplay is awful and I can't see what I am doing bc all the white colors are hurting my eyes...
Dude... this type of levels sucks, so hard to see.
Cool! but is a bit confusing.
this level is so bright i had to beat it with inverted colors
My god do you seriously need to make levels this bright? Jeez.
i can't see mannn
Felt like i was looking into the sun. So hard to play
Its a really nice deco, but gameplay could be better. 
so annoying
not bad, but make the gameplay a bit more visible, but i love it! <3
good "desings",terrible and unsightreadable gameplay
I can't see
peruano gei
i can not see
the level is not entertaining since it spoils your eyes by the white color and don t see anything
I cant see anything
i cant see anythign aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa :c
why, just why.
imagine it gets featured at 11:59
Yeah Ill fix that and also 66%
Happy new years!              But oml how are you so fast
i enjoy the art but the designs are lacking
Added coins
bad year
why are there fireworks there should be bombs
this is too beautiful for 2020, especially because 2020 sucked
pretty easy, the worst year ever
10 HOURS HOW YOU MAKE THIS GOOD IN 10 HOURS I COULDNT MAKE THE FIRST BG IN 10 WEEKS! ITS SO GOOD :D
GG ON 50 CP I JUST REALIZED YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
when people got excited over 2020
when you realize that 2020 was horrible-
I updated itt. Added some more deco, deleted the party hats, brightened some arrows, & polished bg's
Fun to play! great level..
awesome :)
rename this to "absolute chaos"
best level for a best year
Electroid: gets 50 cp per year Me: gets 2 cp per year                e p i c
Perdi justo cuando empezo 2020
I jumped when he told me and I died... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdEQmpVIE4A
The spike is over there ---->                                                             /\
This is fun for the whole family
I SUCCESSFULLY Jumped One Spike
This plays mindgames with you.Honestly deserves a star rate for how original it is.
This is probably the best 2 star I've ever played. I actually laughed so hard & it's creative! 8)
Imagine an extreme demon wtih this "song" 8)
its over thjere
WTF LOL
A level with commentary, now that's creative. =D
press F for all the cubes who died to that spike over there
This guy is a genius
that was the most stressful level ive ever played
?????????????
Pro Tip: Jump
I MADE MY GF PLAY THIS AND SHE ALMOST SH*T HERSELF
like taking candy from a baby
a wacky cuppa is better
how do i jump
over there
2 years...
I'll update it with improvements!
this is way harder than a normal 5 star
Akame Ga Kill is one of the best anime, no cap.
My part is very old btw! Nice job bro uwu
this anime nearly made me cry ... );
Creators in order: Acevict, Alexchii, Serinox, Me, ItsErson and CreatorXavier
me gusto mucho <3
it was a good memory, thanks!
why do i stay as a cube when i go through the ball portal what 
good
so many levels are named after the song
Fix bugs pls
"hard 5"... 66 attempts, 45 minutes 
GG! :)
good
gg 7300 stars good level :)
Good level :)
8 stars
awesomeeeeeeeeee!
los amo a todos besitos en la wata
CONGRATIONS, SHE DOESNT LOVE YOU
i have a girlfriend and now im insecure about how much she actually loves me thx lvl
I kissed my crush yesterday. She kissed me back. It was a beautiful day
Nice work! ^v^
She's in love with the concept
                                     CONGRATIONS
<3
When you get 1000 User Coins with your own level. Bruh moment.
Cool gameplay also i liked it the variations on the decoration :)
El ultimo nivel del 2019 mas hermoso :D
my crush used to like me and now she likes a friend of mine Press F to pay respects...
This is so sad. My mouth dropped wide open at "Congrats. She doesn't love you" :(
Congrations, you got an Epic. Lol anyways neat art level, but many parts are empty af
c0ngr4t1ion5
Ya love me? Creepy, you don't even know me boi
friendzoned
she broke up with me when i started playing this level:(
Fun Fact No: Yes, the "congrations" was done on purpose. It became a meme and I like that <3
How am I not beating this level?
my little brother (4yo) just beat this level in 35 attempts, lol
It could be a little less monochrome, it'd make it look a bit more interesting!
your best deco without a doubt, i love it, YEET
Every time you jump you are yeeting the cube into the air
I thank you for getting a featured level called yeet, thank you for your services
This is your best level!!! amazing!
"why are there spikes under the coin" because why wouldn't there be spikes under the coin?
yeet? what's a yeet? Y E E T
Well, I suppose that's one way to get a featured level.
when i hear yeet i hear lazarbeam
like if bunch should be mod
You: make a featured level in 5 days  Me: makes half a layout and realizes how bad I am
Song choice 11/10
who else just searched up yeet for fun
this level is sick and easy. definatly yeeting myself at the like button
Love your style, the glow is on point
Bunch: An easy level. Admins: Why duh fuk u lyin
 Ya YEET                                                                                          gg
person below triple gay
McNugget242 is a normie
Sent =)
Ceereeal, Im not good at block designs yet, so i used glow to make it atleast look good ._.
pass is 090306, have fun ^_^
ayeee lmao ;]
bruh
o no ive ben cursd
gg sinity on finally getting a rated level, youve wanted this for so long:)
Bare Fitness
drugs
this level looks tasty but only because of glow, im so confused
galaxxyss not apply for the fortnite vbucks giveaway by commenting, liking, subscribing! dont forget
GG! 8 attempts! :)
Secret Box 
Not bad
bad
danzmen looking
dope song too!
Robtop u finna rate dis my guy
Trash coin. (I personally didn't like it).
28 atts (1 coin).
More ideas :)
This level would be 100 times better without invisible slopes
ufo gameplay desperately needs work, but not bad overall
Great level! Sent to mods!
i hate this level... is shit... is...is...amazing.
Gg 3800 Stars
Good Days c:
:eyes:
pass?
New lvl coming soon...
gg!
Cool!
pretty unfun :/
Awesome! :0
GG
rob is done :(
43,000 stars, GG! :D
Really good glow level, GG! :)
Like if you came from his profile because of the song MixerMP in a nutshell in the daily level :)
nice lvl <3
Amazing level! The colors and pulses and Epic! The simple art is cool too.
omg noob creator proxxi made a new unoriginal nivel :P
should be rated
ive been waiting for a new level from you
Proxxi,im glad to see u again :D I think u forgot who i am,but i will never forget u <3
Awesome, but I would have loved more air deco.
Block designs really need work and really needs air deco.
GG
absolutely amazing
Featured!
:D 
Cool level but deserve animated background ( behind the muffin ) also not that good gameplay but GG
fuc
nice and simple, great design, hope you'll come back someday!
9100 stars
i am proud to say that this is the first level i have beat since a whole entire FIVE MINUTES AGO!!O:
bit empty but very clean and nice
You really need to add 11-15 stars in 2.2 rob. If not, Deadlocked will be harder than Zodiac!
yay back
GG! :)
omg robtop thank you so much! I'M VERY VERY HAPPY
lol some dude is disliking comments. for top comment. Why is it important? is there an achievement?
Which comes first my death or 2.2
Imagine getting a girlfriend          this post was made by reddit
moving objects are annoying
I am the bees knees, or in gamer language, the moths lamp
Buen nivel bro
petition for an icon that you get for being top comment in a daily level
i want to be top comment so pretend i said something funny and like this
The Crap series should've won  best series in the 2.1 awards ngl
When you wanna play smash with your girl but she takes off her clothes
Bruh
if u dislike u will be so bad u cant beat stereo madness if u like u will have better % on bloodbath
Me and the boys commiting tax evasion and flying to japan on our private jet
aight goodbye everyone , enjoy this cancerous chat
nexus is the 9 year old who just learned curse words 
Im not a girl but I know that girls think some weird shit sometimes
ViPrin is 6% in love with TOES
im bored
gg
nobody:         australia: *this song*
kde je bratislavsky hrad?
gameplay je hrozny, jedina cast co se mi libi je 15% - 22%, zbytek je messy a nevis kdy mas klikat.
Nice :b
kamo, uz ten gameplay udelej aspon hratelnej, mam fakt hodne odehranyho a tohle je fakt trash
mam rad bananky v cokoladiciciciccce
What is this gameplay : (
mobile users: Am I joke to you?
Naajs :D
SPONSORED by tesco
Super level! diky za dedicate :)
najviac som nepochopil to jablko na beach xd
Rob this is one of those moments where I love you (no homo lol)
Gameplay me fakt nebavil, ale ty dekorace jsou solidni.
BOA MOJ PC TO NEZVLADA :d
polovinu levelu nevim co mam delat je to bad
What a complete mess of a level, my god I have no word to express how terrible this is
Also jaylex only has one unrated level now, lets finish it off?
epic :dolphin:
konecne featured :) GG!
Very cool level. :)
this level gives me anxiety
awesome :)
That was fast, wtf
when the tv turns on randomly at 3am
When my mom is screaming at my little siblings in the store... | Everyone is staring |
just like.... no reason at all :)
MENCANTAAAAAAA<3
gg excelente nivel Zale
really cool and original. i like
the guy at the beginning is me
GG! :)
pasword: 070120
is that goat from scotch?
esto no tiene low detele f por mi
fun gameplay and awsome artwork!! :P
bruh moment
haz un low detail porfa :'v
AWESOME, DESERVES FEATURE
Heyyy, I know that goat! 0w0 
Yoooo this is fire. that wave part needs some work though, it fell flat compared to the other parts
like for good day :D
Definitely your best, there are still things I'd change, but nicely done!
This is actually pretty neat, the theme and idea will probably get it Epic, even tho bad gameplay.
This is a 6* at least. : p
Hes free...
my percerentage is familiar yeah ?
After demon face, level lowers its quality to be honest, but level itself is hot, no doubt
84
this is the only depish level I wanted to get epic, and it didnt. Sadness
why isnt this epic, this is DepisH's best level :/
Que pedo con el darkness
this should be epic
My favourite song of Dex Arson :D
out of all ur levels, this ones the best and it doesnt get epic :v
decoration makes it hard to see but still very nice
Darkness???!!!
this was depish's best imo, I don't get why it wasn't epic rated
VERY EPIC! This should have been rated correctly, this is insane! I really enjoyed this level! GG!<3
Really nice, some gameplay can be improved tho
2% gang
oh sh*t LET'S GO
My hardest demon... GG
47k attempts. I can barely type... I'm shaking so much... I finally did it.
password is 061742 please like
GG!!! THANK YOU FOR RATE ROBTOP
can this useless comment be top comment because im a cucumber
Next week: Nswish tartarus 100% 
Never thought I would see the day. Amazing accomplishment! GG!
Tar tar us
Sent x)
The ban message is just so you dont waste a comment cooldown on command :)
"Vidite? Zhivaya ryka!" - Dolphy
yesssssssss!
=GG= DOLPHY!!!!!!!!!!!! MY CONGRATULATIONS, YOU DID IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!
well OK THEN
RIP Zodiac
Tartarus is weekly demon is best shit
lmfao
xo rated for 1 day , and tartaus still no . WTF RobTob !
enter the city
OMG i loved the gameplay and Decoration!! Gameplay are Sooo Enjoyable"!!!
The binding of isaac lol
*sigh* what has issac done now..
the gameplay on this level is so good
NEEEEEWTON
Enter The City
Fun gameplay and awesome decoration. Keep up the good work! GG 7 attemps
so after he made the level he went crazy and went running through walmart screaming isaaaac!!!
all coins:D
I'm sorry ithacropolis ruined this for me
1 attempt
the binding of isaac as he enters the city
i died intentionally so i could keep playing this until i beat it lol kappa
after a mental breakdown
ISAAAAC
I love this song
isaac approves
gameplay on point
i like the gameplay
Two eee arrr
Really felt like a RobTop level!
DISLIKE BOT, REMOVE THE DISLIKE BOTS
Lol this lvl
so what it looks 2.0 style? it's a cool level. dont hate on it
dont have gameplay when the screen fades to black
Whoa what happened?I havent play this level for a long time and now it have dislikes.Why?
The song goes PERFECTLY with the level!
why so many dislikes?
i like it
how the dislikes the level is cool
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
why disliked????!!!???
The coin is located at 56% of the level, when you get there, look down, I hope I can help you :D
like if the description is REALLY cut out 8)
Muy bueno Gg
por que tiene dislikes?
Remove the B from Bass from the song name..
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
really fun :)
Good deco. Horrible gameplay and bad transition around 60%. Feels more like 4 star.
Sent! :)
If rubrub doesnt rate this...
Like if you no are famous :(
Just came here from looking at recents and discovered this beauty.
I was your first like :D
not that easy
WORST YEAR!!! WHY CORONAVIRUS, WHY YOU DESTROYED OUR LIVES :'(
Bad transistion at 60%. : p
Good deco but the gameplay sucks.
cute :)
horrible gameplay. might be why 2020 suckes
dude 5*
Bad gameplay......sorry..... :(
Very beautiful deco, but gameplay is confusing, blue UFO part is always crashing
f*ck 2020
6* HARDER
free coins!
words can not describe how much i hate this level
Complicated Gameplay
Design feels a bit outdated but cool level. :)
no life,  no GD
 congrats on getting your first cp!
cs go?
baldezh
clizma
thx for existing
Chale
gg featured
oh hi!
charisma
no se ve nada, esta todo oscuro, una verga.
nice level
This lvl has a very fun gameplay and the song just makes it even better GG 1 attempt
Tbh this could have gotten epic. Really good design level!!
So ceeeewl!!! Thanks for giving this challenge, @QoobIY! Love, your's truly, P0SITIV3 PS. Peace! 8-)
YES! I knew you could do it! CONGRATS DUDE! :D
ok.
in finland prisma is shop
this joke will never get old
the message below is false
the message above is false
1 like = 1 FortNite acount deleted.
Pass is 085246 Like So More Peoples Can See :)
Found this on magic section, it is amazing like all your levels Kebabbo :D
GG! 19 attempts :)
i swear the comment system bro
eeeeh what, this is not a hard demon. 
how...
59 attempts GG! :) so many bugs that ruined this lvl for me
the previous message is true
ok?? Like if you think that this is a medium demon :/
gracias a que me llego un mensaje de Whatsapp....
updated
Thatbwas very fun, and quite an emotional feelimg level! Loved it! Demon #602
A level for me? Thanks!
274+27 attempts mobile died at 94 twice
se lo habra pasado la  "Alison" ? :v
pass is 085246
GG 93 Attempts! I was recommended this by a friend and I thought It was Quite Easy so Why Not! :)
nostalgia to 1.9...
One of the few good rates today, GG! :)
top comment has one like lmao XD
Att 1 Lol.
I love your levels so much, and your style complements Cirtrax's so well. Happy for a 2020 level!
Guys it's not even a 1.9 level. Toxic has his own style since the beginning.
Not cool. not cool at all.
why are people hating on this level so much???? design isnt everything
ayaya
gg #45
cool 1.9 style
what kind of famo creator are you to have this get featured?
bruh i couldn't even see that block xd
GG! :)
great level
4000 stars. Man was this level difficult for me ><
frik dis stupid sawblade
rose
gg
it's weird to hear creo in a 1.9 level
Toe, Toe II, Toe III, Toe IIII, Foot
What on Earth happened here
Whoever asked for a dead meme: World War 3.
What we learn: Bloodbath | What's on the exam: Bloodlust
Random guy "I want mod"   *becomes mod*   "WOW!!  THANKS ROBTOP!!"  *quits GD*
If you advertise your level, i'll delete your comment.
You know what makes no sense? These jokes.
@sirhadoken everyone is fighting for the top comment
Me: "happy new year!" *comment flagged as spam*    RobTop "happy new year" *5k likes*
2009 was onw of my worst years actually. Nothing was worse than 2017. Screw 2017.
the random trigger could have some cool ideas for deco, but not gameplay
SirHadoken is like one of the youngest Elder mods, yet more responsible than most of them
I usually create layouts and deco them at the same time. It's easier that way imo
2015: How to straight fly with ship           2094: How to straight fly with Robot
"Dislike bot needs to be stopped" oh boy is the community back to begging for likes
i refuse to call any song used in this game a "gd song"
camera triggers will probably be very annoying. hopefully people use them sparingly
DanZmeN is way better than Ronald Mcdonald smh
PolarDash i dont want people advertising their levels in my comment section. so i deleted your comms
remember when waterflame and f-777 were a thing
i tried to play , and somehow went out of bounds.
this isn't similar to mastergame in any way except for the controls
Is Magic
Nice :)
soo to get 1 coin i needed 40 secs... i got 41...
Did anyone else think they had to hold it?
epic bro
This is pretty cool
Works perfectly on mobile :) All 3 coins
GG! 3 coins
this lvl is so laggy, every time i die, GD crashes.
so apparently i had to wait
GG! Amazing :)
I love this level. Sooooo original gg
28 seconds
Epic! I really love this type of levels :)
haha yes low budget mestargame !!
GG 1 att 34 seconds. Nice level.
30 second
30 seconds aka 3 coins
anyone watched the rise of skywalker???
gg 10 creator points
yo i got the lemons icon from this because of coins :D
"Enter the city"
I wish you a lot of CP for this.
We only need an easy rate and and auto rate and then we'll be rating every difficulty!
this proves you dont need a million objects to make a dope level
green ithacropolis
*Amazing*
top 1 isybdhuvsybsibydbuhdbh
gg  all coins
GG bois
starwars
OT HAXA/\A? XEX) CAPS LOCK
amazing
bran homo
GG 800 coins!
GG...( Normal 4 Attemps . Three Coins . )
korean?
retro wave)))))
Cool :)
This is why i wanna collab with you :)
I really like how you use movements and different effects on levels, good work!
HYPE
just... GOOD
You're very talented with movements, colors, & simple effects! Very amazing work 8)
wtf I came to the recent tab to look at garbage not epic worthy stuff
the perfect level doesnt exi-
:o
password: 003499
NOICE
Like if you came because of Nexus [GD]
SPOOFY IS SO UNDERRATED
GG uwu
I really like this, super amazing
Why cant all levels be like this?
178 Attemps Ultra Lag vs Iphone 6s I win :3 All Coins
cant tell if this level is considered gay or aesthestic
THIS IS SO GOOD! Another Epic coming your way :D
impresionante .
Great level!
Nice :)
A E S T H E T I C
those 2 coins were so annoying to get
I got 133rd on leaderboard of this level and Castrix is 134th and Danolex 135th :O Nice level :D
1600 stars
Xorberax songs have ?????? because of fonts or Japanese text
The names weird, but the level is cool as freak.  =D
GG! All coins :)
Good level :)
Hmmmmmm.......
the colors in the robot part belnd and i cant see
2 coins.
1 att, 10k stars :)
lol the song ??????????
1 Coin Dont Dislike This Plis );
GG :)
106
the
:D
viprin sucks toes
can we get a viprin sucks toes chain
viprin sucks toes
suck viprin toes
if you take "scenic route" and replace it with "viprin sucks toes" it becomes "viprin sucks toes"omg
vipring 
Viprin toes suck
Viprin sucks to-     matoes
toes? viprin. cp? viprin. megacollabs? viprin. hotel? trivago.
i like pink
Every 60 seconds in Africa is 1 minute
viprin toes sucks
elder mods: chaining is bannable     mods: chain 'viprin sucks toes'     elders: this is fine
my own people have turned against me
after ToE 4 will be FooT
Like if you are under 17 years old. Dislike if 17 or higher.
what if viprin is a toe
Like this comment and ill reveal a secret way in a demon! ^_^
I like viprin sucks toes.
I missed your levels my man
thanks MRT for being amazing =)
So awesome! I love you, great work! :D <33
I can now say i've seen a popular level before it gets rated
very cool
8 awesome angles and 8 fantastic sides
Nice modern level. :)
beautiful level, but my phone died :)
Beautiful level:)
:o
I played this level when it was in magic!
gg nice chill level really liked the music 
This is beautiful. Nice work guys!!
R.I.P Mobile players
I really like it! Cool level!
Dang. Great job you two!
lIkE iF YOu ArE mOBilE PlaYEr
Really cool! :0
This is a great level, keep up the great work ;)
Nice collab, fun gameplay!
I loved this level
Cool :)
Rob doing more rates after daily?! No way!! :O
HOW THE frick ISNT THIS EPIC ROBTOP ARE YOU OK !?!?!?
The level itself looks amazing, but I'm having a hard time understanding how this works
bug or i dont understand
les french sont dans la place :D
I don,t like this level
Amazing but Bugy hitboxes and you have almost no time to choos on mobile cuz of screen size. =P
Awesome! :)
Amazing Level Cool Idea, but you are gonna have to work on the gameplay a bit more.
Love the level but the gameplay is not good
bad gameplay but cool idea
Buena idea,pesima ejecucion
good level, too long though, gets me disinterested :(
i keep dieing at da beggining wtf
i dont get anything about this lvl
Pretty cool idea - probably could be more fleshed out
very bad gameplay sorry
In first part u can FLY!( like ufo)
Garbage, No reaction time! WHY??? >:(
like for 2.2, dislike for roblox
Finally... xD
password:223366☆
Nice, but you spelled Lapse wrong xD
this is a nice level :) so fun!
Nice, Good job JamEes =)
1 like = 1 prayer
Very nice level imo
:O
Love this level!
Beautiful decoration and nice gameplay. Good job!
very cool
this level is fire, good job and happy new year!
amazing deco and gameplay and rateworthy :D 
Really cool! <3
could be longer, but very cool ;)
very yes c:
purple sawblades look like orbs :/
f word
gg on the rate!
this looks extremely good, all the art and effects are amazing!
I can vibe to this B) 
i was supposed to have a part in this but i gave up
Really good but this song is vaporwave/future funk not synthwave smh
password:974582☆
This is amazing! I hope for Epic, its a great level with good art.
Coin at 29%, where there is a "?"
why does it lag on ldm
Really nice, especially the part with the buildings in the bg, it somehow reminds me of Unzor
gg 2 attempts
Noice! Levels like this that use Lemkuuja's music almost always have good vibes! Love & much thanks!
F to the mibile players ._.
This has nothing to do with synthwave
my favorite level ever!, has such a good vibe and good song choice. my favorite lvl in gd right now!
Its not a synthwave
GG 3 attempts :)
ULDM Please
lag
no words but creative.
Love it
Its empty LOL, no need to say :) Made in around 16 hours, Happy New Year!
3,2,1......eNd aT dRoP lOl
wait what?????!?!!?!
Reminds me of danz kinda. Cool level :)
1sr
Not Bad :)
Nice!
creo ^_^
Insert comment
GG All coins and 2,555 user coins :D
GG!! 6k stars :D
awesome rates time
2 rd
good level.
gg
cool level but how exactly is this supposed to be robtop style?
no
all free coins :)
Heyo Rob!!
Cool level
neat
So Smoothhhhh, I love it! <3
Rate 5 stars please
pretty cool!
here before feature x)
WHATS THE PASSWORD
like for gd dislike for fortnite
It sure is here in Australia. ;0;
the sun is a deadly laser
BEST LEVEL EVER, ITS MY FAVORITE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My New Favorite Level :D
this level makes me happy :D
Damn good level, I like
password:2020(:☆
i think u die if u go closer to the sun but idk cuz im dumb
Who else loves this song?
:)
Epico! x)
Great level, would be better If there were less forground objects and easier to sight read.
thank you for letting this be dedicated to me
maybe 9 stars but will give demon :)
these orb timings are completely unneeded and can eat my ass
should be a Medium demon :P
This level felt way too hard for 9 stars imo. Im glad this is demon.
ARE YOU SURE THIS IS AN EASY DEMON?
It feels weird that the avarege player is nowadays so good that a easydemon can have straightflying
GG! Thanks for Letting me to Verify This MasterPiece!! 7w7 i hope to see this Rated soon!! 
Please don't add a tricky timing around 96%.
medium demon...
from 1 to 3 likes, HOW STUPID I AM?
The beginning of the level feels like a nerfed extreme demon lol, but it still take me 32 att :)
who else hates the 1st jump?
like this comment only if your name is NOT steven
gg :)
enjoy :D
109,000 stars, GG! :)
gg! My first extreme demon!!! :) :/
GG!! Pretty Good Looking Remake but I hate the annoying timings and tight ship sections! :)
i dislike the gameplay
the reason of why the level is demon is because the timming 8(
Looks really nice but intro is so long and there are too much slow parts, which makes it boring :c
you can fall down at 40 and beat the level. also long intros arent the funnest
:0 Epic!!!!!!
Good decoration but wtf is this gameplay
for the coin, there is a hidden orb at the end. just spam and you might get it
You can fall to the ground and win... GOOD EFFECTS
I love how unique this is, so awesome to see a new level from you! :D
OOF
really good lvl but the first part is boring
too long intro, it is annoying when you have to wait when you lose
28% is impossible on 240hz, but it looks pretty nice. :0
found a way u could go threw when ur a robot just jump threw the crack but it kills u at the end :(
this level have a much bugs in second part on robot
secret ways eheh
effort put.
Good one Owo
great work :)
i just wanted to get coin
secert way and cool level gg
my phone is crashed xd
Super cool, but really hard to see in some spots, specifically the drop
It's finally out! :eyes:
like si vienes por souls :v
OMG BLACKPINK IN YOUR AREA, Better Easy Demon
very good colors
DanZmeN?
this good
like si vienes por soulstrk
9* or easy demon.
B O O M B A Y A H
Dudee thia is a Easy Demon lmao.. R O O L I N G
awesome, recents
like si te gusta blackpink.... rose <3
why must i have to wait though
FEATURE THIS ROBTOP
password:101103☆
Oh boy, that ending part. Epic level tho. GG. Thx for the dedi. ^^
N I C E E E E
OOOOOOOOF
Cancion ironicamente pegadiza y un buen gameplay (decoracion normal) 8/10.
Another beautiful level by my favorite team <3
Update : Ldm added
As always yall absolutely killed it with this demon :D GG! Amazing work
password:161616☆
Jutaan orang tidak menyadari bahwa TeamNoX adalah team terkeren sepanjang masa 8) Anjay Mabar~
nyot nyot dikenyot nyot, nyot nyot dikenyot nyot
100000 STARS GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
Big GG to Zypeh for getting 100000 stars :D
Can't believe our level was finished in such a short time... GG!!
Love!!!!
Terima kasih, permintaan isi ulang akan diproses. Tunggu notifikasi selanjutnya untuk memastikan pe
nooooo
I wish i had a badass bae.
Oh my...
403 att + 377att......GG, MY favorite TEAM, amazing LEVEL
Another amazing level, nice job! GG! :)
GG! I really liked this level, good job! 608 att, my 313 demon :)
Hernya, a ne tima
392 atts, I was pretty annoyed when I started playing this but it turned out to be really fun!
GG 525 attempts, awesome and fun level! :D Medium demon maybe?
I'm not familiar with the messaging bug but it seems to be affecting many people.
2020 is off to a bad start
Discord requires you to be 13 or older though so I imagine some of you are not eligible to join yet.
Any release date for 2.2 is false. Its progress is unpredictable, even by Rob himself.
Ohohoho no the comments should definitely not be open to green users again please no
Last one to like gets Mod
People tend to say "X got banned for Y" even before the reasons were introduced. We have no proof.
He's probably busy working on the update that people yell at him for not putting out sooner.
I want Robtop to do a huge rating spree before 2.2
I feel bad denying them but I am only allowed so many so I just let them sit there. :(
lets all admit it, we all played Subway Surfers
@Loxum Nah Hado's not my type
Daily at 12:00: "not funny"               Daily at 22:00: "nut funny"
o k  b o o m e r .
Is that THE Torsita?
Yo is that a tactical Subwoofer inbound?
i gave your mom the fingerdash
@qur Yeah this is why I hate mirrors so much
whoever is giving us the pink thumb go pink thumb yourself in the eye
@Bento Do I want to know why you are asking if there are any adults here?
epic art. epic effects. very unepic gameplay
Lo de nosotros es un secreto.
Tu hombre te ama pero tu le ere' infiel.
Un like si eres latino y no eres Gay jajajajaja (Sin ofender)
la ultima vez que me dijeron bbcita me robaron
I love the space doggo hahah, awesome level. :)
me sigo preguntando por que el nombre es tan malo
Lei becita, luego lo puse en youtube y me salio la cancion de anuel, salve LemKuuja
2020
Este nivel me debe una computadora
verga de mono
lo de nosotros es un secreto que nadie se entere brrrr real hasta la muerte anuel
Hola amigos de face
tuombre t ama pero tu lere infie
bbcita lo nuestro es un secleto brrrr
BEBECITAAAAAAAAAAAAA nah te creas xd que wen level pero el name no xd
Real hasta la muerte, cabrouwn
bebesita bebelin y bebe wiski fuma marihuana y tambien se mete friki fenamedakona frikitona friki 
pass is 2020 likes?
y la bbcita veve lin
should be epic ngl
First victor with both coins! GG :D
Bro please rate more demons PLEASE I WILL LITERALLY PAY YOU
Salty ChipS deserves epic 
Pass is 357159. Good luck!
Awesome movements & gameplay! Inspired by DanZmeN & it's executed nicely! Should've been Epic tbh.
Hey Danzmen!! you're the best!
Wheres Astral Virginity
this is literally the first time in my life i like danz style by other creator and no epic? wtf
10/10 Level, and effects :D
GG! 42 attempts and 123,000 stars :)
I dedicate this victory to my uncle, who passed in 2013, and it's his birthday... first hard demon
pass is 357159, where my likes?
This level was my first Hard Demon :,(
easy demon for sure :)
I hope you all are enjoying my "Hard Demon" that was actually supposed to be an Easy Demon... lol...
GG for the feature bro! :O
Should be easy demon, but we'll rate it extreme
Zoroa GD + DanZmeN = this level.
GG :) Easy demon?
amazing level someone stole your level but im happy i found the original
you hear that everyone? its not just 2020. its THE 2020. get it right
me when mumbo jumbo says "its quite simple" for the 64th time
Did you know that if you take your age and multiply it by 2 and subtract your age, you get your age?
dude i cant believe its only 354 days till christmas!!!
Does anyone remember the year 2019 all that well?
Job Interviewer: So sir why should I hire you?  Me: Well I have a friend with cp in Geometry Dash
Water is better than any soda
whats the deal with airline food
it honestly dosent feel like 2020
unpopular opinion but a lot of featured levels feel similar nowadays tbh
Me: gets blocked by random person for no reason    also me: you fool i have 20 alt accounts.
The Demonslist bot is one of the few bots we don't take action against actually
somebody stole my car radio and now i just sit in silence - ||-//
my teacher said "funny thing" so i said "funny thing relating to previously mentioned funny thing"
someone tell me a joke
Play Endgame at 9:29:31 and Iron man will snap his fingers at 12 and say I am iron man :O
school is tomorrow who is ready for suffering
Yes I'm in class lol and I do believe I am answering to you guys right now... @GDAccount127
Casual reminder that Bloodbath is at 100th place
1. I wake up. 2. RobTop releases 2.2  3. I cry.   4. I celebrate.    Read it as 2,4,1,3
yay a whole new year robtop will never realese 2.2 in
*looks enderman in the eye* So you have chosen... death.
I got a Bible for my graduation gift. It's pretty epic
Ironic how Sir is 16 years old, yet more responsible than most of the other Elders
It's not impossible for me to add you, but I need to... get to know you first.
purple people
why do we bake cookies but cook bacon
omJ GuYs I MADe it tO thE ENd in mineCRAFT anD i killED THE ENDeR draGon
likes are overrated. you get more ignores than people with lots of likes. remember that
I got 97%!   I have 87%!   I have 92%!    Me, on extreme demons: You guys are getting percents?
when you get banned for ban evasion when youve never committed ban evasion so you commit ban evasion
One of my favourite streamers got 10,000+ viewers by just watching paint dry. It was amazing
okay fixed all bugs now hopefully.
Yeah I'm nearly 100% sure 2.2 will release thjis year.
If this gets 10 likes, I will jump off my roof naked while playing Clutterfunk.
3 Bad dailies in a row. This is not a good sign for 2020.
If you don't like Geometry Dash, don't play it. It's as simple as that.
but have you met the national indian gamer GIRL association?
doritoh is gonna get comment banned for existeeieneing
Who beat this in 1 att
TOOMIS UPLOADED A COMPLETED LEVEL. SOUND THE ALARM PEOPLE.
neato
of all things to happen today i would have never expected this
Impossible, you can't finish a level
:flushed:
i would say, the best level that i've seen in this year 
gg Toomis!
yay gg on the feature toomis!
I love this
toomis mod in 2020
this level looking like a dewdrop /'d(y)oo. drap/ noun a drop of dew
Cool! but very simple, not bad! :)
woow its really beautiful
The song is amazing :)
It's nice to have an easy, relaxing level for a change. :)
peaceful i love it
If you dont complete this. How
1 attemp 
gg
Amazing :)
Happy 2020 Everyone :)
Awesome :)
LET'S GOOOOO
Happy New Year !
Les' GOOO! Phenomenal level as always man! Happy New Years & hope this will be a good one! \(^o^)/*
Like if you think 2.2 will release tomorrow... and happy new years!
Like if you are playing in 2020
im still in 2019, lol everyone else is in another decade
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Les go 3 for 2021
This is a fun one! Thanks for showcasing my track here, and Happy 2020! :D
Wow 2019 was a year ago? It feels like yesterday.
How
Bye 2019, Hello 2020!
Forgot to remove the 2020 numbers on the space part in ldm mode, fixed now xD
If this reaches 20 likes, Im going to drink milk that I bought when Les Go 1 was released (no joke).
Epic!
Awesome level
223 attempts + 3 coins! GG!
not a fan of that ending but man everything else is so good
OMG!!! MY FIRST EPIC!!!!
I will always think if insane rated levels as rejected demons. But this one has a acception.
HAPPY NEW DECADE EVERYONE!
Pass is 159159. Youre welcome ;)
2.2
2.2. is actually the name of the update, because the release year is when you make the . into 0s
Someone used a flip portal in 2.1... Incredible...
Password:159159☆
bTs
this is my favorite level but rip song:(
I really enjoyed this level :)
gg
sOnG iS nOt AlLoWeD fOr UsE
5,4,3,2,1 (ball goes down) !!!!!HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!! (fireworks & croud so loud i thought i was deaf)
great level gread music great everything
what have i done to you?
The song name is what i want to eat right now
Where are the burgers, fries and shakes?! :)
what a nice track?
Could be 9 star but lets go easy demon :)
this feel extremely copy pastey... gg on epic tho
it is still extremely laggy with ldm on
pretty nice but this is 8*, not 10*
This is one of those levels that takes 2 atts in practice and 2000 atts in normal :/
YEEEEEEEES SAMMAXXX <3<3<3
HOLY COW YOU FINALLY MADE A DEMON THIS LEVEL IS BONKERS
Cant find the ULDM button...
not sure why people complain about an 8* level getting 10*, its just a really easy demon now.
GG! 8 attempts :)
on mobile it is so easy cuz the game just slows by 0.25 so basically speedhacking
Rest In peace mobile users. :(
gg
26 attempts
unfortunately I can't make a better ldm because I lost my save data and can't update it. Sorry :(
g
GG
medium demon?
42k Stars !
first demon of 2020 :O
Yay!
Esta cosa es epic, mae
*-*
muy tuani maes <3
SIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!!!!!
Fun!
Second part seems veeery similar to Aer, otherwise not a bad level
asu mae, que rico uwu
Hermoso mae! 
nice level :)
2 or 3 star level so easy
GG ;) 
woah :D
wowowowowow les quedo tuani :3
Me gusto, un poco de Lag pero esta chevere :0
Rob where is epic
Good lvl GG
.
WHY
Only og's remember the aether mod
Top comment and i Change My name To OhioFriedChicken and Smash my Face on a Fence.
almost as long as the wait for 2.2
Ok, my dude, I'm officially naming you Xender Game's son
made in a moto g5                                                     lmao
this is the most sight readable level ive ever played
Xender Game wants to know your location
YAYAYYAYAYYAYAYAYYAYAYA! GG!  AND HAPPY NEW YEAR!
Low budget eschaton, but still epic worthy lol
pass is 9865 :)
first rated level of 2020 lol
5 minutes level 8)       i was crazy
ULDM and LDM wont help my pc
also made on mobile 8)
Nice level :)
WHY TF IS IT A MEDIUM NOW I WAS SO PROUD OF MYSELF FOR BEATING A HARD DEMON ROBTOP WHYYYYYY
GG! 77 attempts :)
done on mobile, kinda painful because i suck lol but cool lvl otherwise
this is epic
hard demon??
It's not that hard (for now), but how long is this?!
Memory Mastermind is a game released in 2013 by Swedish developer and virgin, Robert Topala
Mi polla en tu frente GG
made in 7 days 8)
Awesome :)
Great work :)
The 2.1 Awards: *xender game wins for best modern creator*. This level:
pass is 566214
fixin coin bug sorry for the inconsistance U_U
Love it! 
Majestic.
And a Happy 2020 for every body who reads this 8)
pass is 566214.                      SLAP THAT LIKE BUTTON
a xender game level without bossfight?
a new amazing level :)
The second key is unobtainable with the LDM because it is marked with High Detail in the editor fsr
Things come and go, everything can change, but Memories, will always stay the same, and remain... :D
LIKE POR SOULS QUE SE PASO ESTE NIVEL CON SAMU XDD
GG! 3 attempts to rebeat :)
GG crazy fluke from 37%
cant wait for rate 
Bet Robtop to featured this at 11:59 before new year.. 
Dat house be dancin doe
nice level! ShipCopter
Oh wow, you joined my club opta sent me here, levels fine those hot gloes #GLODERN GAMG
I spammed the swing copter and ended up making it go backwards, nice
Cool :D
ROB FEATUR THISS
robtop is not watching -.-
if you spam click at the swingcopter, you can make it fly backwards
Nice
awesome!
the swing copter can be glitched by fast tapping. try it lol
Sent :)
2.2, 2.2 when 
why did i read Virginity :/
Having a dash orb at the very end doesn't justify a 20% auto part tbh
2.2
Cool level
ugh wasnt paying attention :/
HUH
ok, why this got featured?
Neat! Glad to see you're still around!! :D
gameplay isnt all that great tbh
imagine if those old levels that rob features 3 years later were actually made 2 days ago
why is this 2.0 level featured? and gameplay is not good to say the least
I remember when megaman was a mod, I miss him having it more than myself sometimes
Idk I personally found this extremely fun
lol if a person with like 0 cp made this it wouldnt even get rated.
Pretty neat, but I can't beat :(
looks exactly like the kind of levels you made in 2.0. extremely bland level that i refusse to beat
I mean it's a really fun level, no hate towards it, but this really shows how biased RobTop is
Slightly nerfed the last ship
Am I the onky one that likes this gameplay?
I found this magic. LOL
Good level, GG! :)
robtop was drunk and sent this?
and the ship at 60% came up way too quick, but it wasnt hard to get used to. I really liked this
Bad level. Featured just because it's made by Megaman9, just like his previous levels.
gg, this level is horendous in both its gameplay and deco, no idea how it got featured
gg 172 attempts, very fun level :)
RobTop is fat.
R       O          B          T     O         P               I         S              F       A   T
FatTop
Fixed a massive bug and nerfed the dual a tiny bit. Also fixed the secret way. Let me sleep
Danz is danz.One like one more danz to danz
R O B T O P is T H I C C
potbor is fat
This level is mOist, but that last dual is hArd. More 7 stars than 6 because of it.
Robert Topala is morbidly obese.
RobTop is so fat, he can't see his computer so 2.2 takes long.
good level danz, i hope you make more levels
Like For DanZmeNs Next Level: AstraL VirginitY
DanZmeN... do a fricking normal LDM!!!! (skrimming in mobile sadness)
So i started BOTH 2018 and 2020 with an epic rated level. Thats pretty cool :) Lets own 2020 boisss
Nice sequel to Ultramarine by BranSilver
AsTrAl ViRgIniTy wHeN 
danzmen shirtless is hot
gUyS lEtS RaTe tHiS 10 StArS
why i ded at this freaking sawblade at 98 aaaaaaaa
Like! Geometri dash Dislike Fortnite!   :^ 
Good level but the gameplay does not convince, it needs to be improved and also the road signs 
Why a harder 5 is verified by another person? :v
Deco is nice, gameplay kinda sucks, and rest is fine...
rate this robtop!
First rated level of 2020 :)
this level is dedicated to : nandoxgd, mr marcos, juanfe2007
Soy sub :)
6star
GGGGGGG
not gonna question why a 5 star level needed a verifier
Congratulations on getting a feature! c:
no pongas flechas donde no hay que darle AAAAAAAAAALKNDPVKIP
not bad. rate-worthy. :)
Rip Tree Palm and Lemkuuja
love this level :)
nice level ^^
ESTE ES EL NIVEL POR EL QUE JULIAN NO HACE REQUEST Y VALIO CADA SEGUNDO QUE CONSTRUIA...CRACK
when i play this i think in future funk
Nice.
imagine having a verifier for a 4* level lololololol
Did you have to add the "made in 2 days" to make us noob creators feel bad about making this in 100?
4 attempts ,_,
I hate the 35% transition
really cool yes thanks robtop
The game
What's your favorite level? | Me: The name | Yeah, the name of it. | Me: The name | Just tell me! |
Like if you came from Eric
PLEASE add super low detail or something. it is just too laggy!
1 like = 1 attempt
everybody gangsta till the last wave kicks in
40 attempts. #1265
GG! 39 attempts :)
ive beaten this level three times now, i love it so much
neat
seria facil si no fuera por el puto lag
one of the best easy demons i played
121 attempts, amazing level :) please create more like this GG!!
GG
I love how i died to the easiest part in the level :D
the name of the lvl is the name .____________.
Awesome :)
Actualizado, secrets ways corregidos...
if this doesnt get featured then ill spit in rubs face
whos hyped for sonic movie?
Like If You Love Sonic 
Thank  you very much for the featured :D
Like si eres muy fan de sonic
like if here before its rated
Good Job! :)
Awesome job!
Oye el checkpoint no funciona :(
Like if you play sonic
I can only imagine how Sonic level recreations will be in 2.2 with Platformer Mode n' all.
password 586058
Holy shit that intro actually made me think I was playing Sonic Mania, this is an amazing level!
Yay! Sonic!
El mejor nivel de todo GD!! Eres un grande!!
HOLA SE QUE NO SOY UN CREATOR MUY BUENO PERO HAY MUCHOS BUG PERO ES UN BUEN NIVEL GG 
Some parts are hard to tell which is dangerous or not, but pretty cool!
If this level gets 1991 likes, i quit the game.
Very cool remake!! Kind of unoriginal ideas, but still well-executed! Thx4dedication 8) <33
ok guys
I can count: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6... 19, 20, 21, 2.2, 23, 2-- WAIT, 2.2?
Great :)
<33
why is everyone using this song now
Yes.
Cool remake but it doesnt really inovate in anyway, makes the level boring to play :l
Clearly inspired by Zoroa, but still executed in a nice way. :)
cool
now do the alphabet
ta ke sabroso :3
1 2 3.4 5 6 8 shit
the only reason i didnt 1 att this is because of disorienting effects.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9...   10!  YAY! Can I get likes for my reward?
seven is on the id of the music
password: 234568 `<3
ok gamers lets  count to 69 with the boomers playing gd!!
 1 2 5 4 6 3 9 8 7 12 10 15 16 13 14 18 19 17 11 YES I CAN COUNT
we cant count to 2.2 :((((((((
Thankies for Such a Lovely Gift uwu FrostDraggy!! My Part has A amazing Chinese Dragon! 
Merry Christmas!! :D
Another Epic?! Thank you all!!! <3
Nice level :D
I like it, but the gameplay kinda triggered me in the drop. :p
Awesome job! Thanks for the gift!
its ironic cause i keep dying on my part ;-;
Ahhh yes it got epic!!! congrats Frost <3
IT would have been more cool if there was an ending art.,still great though.
-Merry ChristMas!!- For All Who Played This Level 7w7/ Also My Gift PArt Has A Dragon!! AAAAAAAAAAAA
dude, sick level
Aight the decorations and effects are amazing. Wish the gameplay was somewhat readable
ok
Frost! This is Incredible!
Such an epic lvl. I love every second, thx for the lovely gift <3        and congrates on epic ;3
Yes GG Frost!! I'm so glad this got epic! Thanks for one of the gifts! I LOVE THIS LEVEL!!
Very underrated creator :3
it said "HOLD" and I did and died
I will never forget this lvl, thx <3
Wow very cool level man ;)
Did I just....Find this in recent...
Pass 002019 can i have like pls
Sent :)
Free Coin In The End As My Gift From You Guys In Christmas :)
Cruella is a PG 13 Movie
Like if robtop is a meme lord
Thank you SO MUCH EVERYONE, im so Happy ;) <333
Gameplays meh.
this is why i come to the recent section
gameplay could be better but the design is amazing! great work!
Gonna do better levels soon guys!
Oooh creators without cp yet!! YEAH
De Vil
oh hes doing mulpan sends
gameplay little annoying. but, not bad design.
this is fkn good
I LOVE SIDA LEVELS <3
If Firework was Level 1?
Good luck friend! Great level keep up the good work and you will get another star rated level! :D
good level, some parts are a bit too hard, specially pre drop robot
This is a bone jiggler
you stole my account >:( speak to me you coward
54% is near impossible but the rest is medium demon. Why is that?
Why do you always make levels that are so hard xD
GG! 570 attempts, about 450 are from the 55 spam ;)
Zylenox style ?
Only legends will remember when this level was a free demon...
jesus christ, the drop is the only part that has effort put into it, and difficulty is so unbalanced
the design on this is super cool, im actually really impressed. work on your gameplay tho
This is an amazing, unique level! Congrats on cp.
what a nonsense
very fun gameplay exept of 55%
plz most disliked comment XD
plz dont hate this guy he got hacked :( #R.I.P devin2003
ey imo unbelance is the better fun
DIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
GG!! Thanks for the Free Stars and Demon, now Please Stop ruining Demons! :))
Did he Hack?
rip... But very nice design =) GL on rate ( +_-)._b
you will regred that
feature ._.
YYYYEEEESS MY FIRST CP LETS GOOOO
i love the persons name below this comment
a gem in an otherwise desolate recent section
good colours, but needs more movements. Has potential! :D
Im sorry Mohammad Jakalem, i saw your disstrack on your haters, whats up with the death threats
also nobody loves you so why dont you go jump into a fiery hell pit
XtAD4qUx6hRlE6e, all of your bot accounts will be banned by RobTop if you dont stop
this feels like a lemons level
*Cosmic Cyclone*
aah thats hot
Recent levels oh yeah!
Fun. Epic
Me gusta ver esto tipos de niveles, gente mejorando o creando son cosas que no ven en magic. :)
Not bad tbh :)
bro you da best 145 atteps lol ))
Fun level :)
GG LEGOFAT
23att :) GG
A fun Insane :)
Pretty cool!
sporD
no 
add more stuff
This is way to basic :/
oh shit here we go again
Could be better, but it's not bad too. 8)                                                           
ok then, video incoming :3 also cool thing you put a dislike on my latest video and subbed, thx! :D
Well rob more old levels plz :)
very static with zero dynamic factors, only movements arent smooth and the last 12% is pure black.
gg
ah! quindi il feature? allora non era un fail caro mio :))
Easy, man. This level, is easy.
last part is bad :(
why this level is not featured he deserved an epic rating like the song ;)
minamoya                                                                                      is hot
GG! 39.4k stars :)
BUG
yeeee eeeee e  e e e e  e e  e e e  d e e e  e e  +2cp
:)
Dios nos ama a todos.
le pedire un nivel a wilz para tener un featured gratis
Whats this gameplay?
A pendej0 quieres el epic?
epico bro :0
Bueno, muchos saben que este nivel me lo dono wilz, nada mas me mejore varias cosas, Thx
Bad my part xD...
xd
nice! :p
okay so now bad levels are getting rated lol
x2
Invisible portals, invisible pads, visible trash
worst transition
bennyboi rates
Lo resubiste? 
cuito de maincra
si alguien ve este mensaje tendra suerte por 9 a~nos [Bueno algunas veces la vida te da featured] 
tansitons are horrible 
confusing
now, why would you make the platform invis after all of the great gameplay. Way to ruin it
Is no one gonna question the song title? Its "Totaly tits"
way better than most of the featured levels today.
Best Harder 6 ever!
a new funnygame??!?!? what??
A LEVEL FROM 2 YEARS AGO???? ROB????? AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
nice ;)
OcularNebula back at it again with wierd song names
So your telling me... That if i beat this i get copper and mabye gold coins?
As a man of culture i appreciate the song title
NOPE THIS IS TOO HARD FOR ME       but acuttaly its VERY GOOOD
see the gameplay
nice that you have a guide option but i dont think i should be called a noob for not being able to
wow :o
Is no one Gonna question the song?
Very Cool Level...I Like
A bit confusing
half way there
this level is cute, i love how everything at the drop is just groovin' to the music
Wow! I like this level.
noice lvl
Wow! Great art level! Thanks for using one of Dawphins songs as well! ;)
lag
Pretty nice backgrounds
Wonderfull, HOW ISN'T THIS DAILY??
ULDM porfa
gg 2 attempts nice level! :)
amiggooooooooo esto esta buenarddoooo y muy originallll
awesome :D
:)
end needs more but oberall great level!
KAKA que cuestaAgregar Un Put* ldm 
like if ur here before rate
GG 16500 Stars =)
:D
i know its gonna be featured
How to get the first coin?
so laggy lol
Cute level :3
whoa so cool! but pls ldm
nice level
Really happy to see a new level from you Dashtrict <3
Oh no
awesome
Good too see another level from you again!
GG 180 coins ;)
if youre confused, break all of the lightbulbs in the ship part for 2nd coin :)
FINALLY A NORMAL LEVEL THAT ISN'T HARD!
1 coin - heart 15%. 2 - broken all lamp. 3 - 97%
Awewome level.
Like for my percent :(
sweet
GG! Awsome LVL PS. RubRub Rate this lvl :D
Epic
gg cool idea
GG! Just 2 attempts!
i like trains
:<
900 user coins!!!!!!!!!
2 atts great level
that last coin was annoying ngl
like for 2.2, dislike for fortnite
Me gusta, muy lindo :3
Netflix on old TV, lmao where you see this before?
like this comment if u love geometry dash
omggg thanks rob
Is it just me or does that TV show the Simpsons?
This can't be easy: I tapped more than twice
who is trying to get stars from easy levelz
Welcome 2020 :)
the amount of art instead of gameplay in this    ---->
anyone else die at 67 percent?
I accidentally got thee first coin. still dont know how to get any of eem
song be good
lol gg pechuga
There was a ramp there?!? *facepalm*
wait a second, how did i get that coin? btw after this level i feel sleepy 
Hermosamente Hermoso uwu
where are the silver coins?
Like this if you want 2.2 to come out this month
Espero que te valla bien en este 2020 y que consigas mas Creator Points :3
Have fun and good luck in the new year :)))
its still 2019 for me :/ 8:30 pm
first 2020 rated level!
First rated level of 2020!!
lol 9 likes and 43 downloads
sick
Shokugeki no
password:2137
STILL LAGS WITH LDM AND ULDM
Very cool and interesting style
I cant see my trail
Rating!! At last!
Might be your first epic
epic
Yukihira
happy new year everyone 2020!
first rated in 2020!
wow
in 15 minutes it will be 2020
Cool Level :)
Minecraft good, Fortnite bad
9 year olds who don't know who Schnaffel is but want likes: "#JusticeForSchnaffel"
Pretty cool. Could use some more deco and pulses in some parts tho.
1 like=10% probability of sneak peek today
If someone has "getting likes on GD" on their New Year's Resolution list, then I'm done with life.
my mom says im special, but who is this Ed person?
if you want to see 2.2 icons go to geometry dash wiki, update 2.2, go down to gallery
Whos in United States?
do you like girls
why are people supprised by schnaffel's ban, he got banned for a good reason
I love this level so much, it looks really clean!!
1 like=99% probabilty of you have a girlfriend in 2020
Midnight here in Italy! It's also my birthday today!! I hope you all have an amazing 2020! :D
HAPPY NEW YEAR GUYS!
Schnaff was a cool friend, i cant believe he got permabanned :(
Anyone here watched Star Wars IX?   I did.    it was actually pretty good
hyperflame says mods are doing their best. i didnt know that he was a comedian
Its the daily chat so its up for interpretation.
why does people celebrate the earth going around a shiny ball completly? eheyyh
If I eat grass, am I a lawnmower?
i am female without the fe
plot twist: The dislike spammer is RobTop
xKR1T1K4L good mod xD
How is everyone doing? :D
OMG EPIC AND DAILY THANKS ROB!
Why is everyone Commenting and not playing the level?
There's a 200 Star gap between 101st and 100th place which pains me
his 20th ban was given for n word usage, but was made perma because of his rule breaking past
you don't get arrested for being arrested too many times
WAS THAT THE BITE OF '87?
Talking in Roblox be like ### ##### ## #### # ### #####
I ate grass during a field trip and people called me a cow so I hit them
password:159357☆
like if i'm fake rito
im failing to see why a persistent rule breaker who got 20 bans should be allowed 2 comment honestly
bruh how is homophobia even a thing like you live in a home how can you be scared of them haha
1. Why the heck is a top comment important in a square game? 2. Just tell me already, w h y ?
can we stop it with the [insert word]hub thing please, its obvious why youre doing it
cats the movie is absolutely terrible
Pass is 159357
End 2019.
Comment Flagged as Sgam
Like if you are playing this in 2019!
Divertido y lindo nivel :3
Pass: 280082 (now, where are my likes? XD)
no one: Furries: meow
like if your on mobile so im not alone
Comment flagged as spam
gg sgam and thanks for more rates youre the  best <3
Yo theres furries on the lose. Yo man get the shotgun and get to cover. ;)
I am chineese make me famous please
this is really cool
password:280082☆
???
you fools! 2020 was horrible!
Love the gameplay and deco
shit gameplay
GG Hayppy new year 2020 C:
Memory part's unfair and bad. This is how NOT to make a fun memory part. Ruins the whole level.
wish we were in 2019 now
i showed this to my dog, i mean hes still a dog but the levels amazing
Very nice! :D
guys you're killing me with these comments lmaoo what is going on
Amazing effects and colors... Very nice job dude
BIOPOWER
Why not epic? 
the first part looks like early 2.0 but i like every part after that
wait that logo before the drop oml thats really satisfying to look at
GG 23000 Stars
mass acre
Cool remake!:)
Last 2019 rated level
GG
rob will either rate more after daily or will just dissapoint us and just give is daily with no more
New year in my country was like, an hour ago
What a good level! Rubrub, where are you?
What will the first featured level of 2020 be? :-)
Perhaps this is the last rated level of 2019 so congrats :)
em truh t'nod zoroX
how
top comment and i change my name to what ever daily chooses
Not your best, but looks decent. :p
thanks robtop :)
while 5 likes and I'll beat Bloodbath
like if you are the best player of you school
The original ToE II is easier than this..
nobody:       mobile ads: If you reach level 0 you're legally accepted into NASA and the navy
Should be 8 stars btw 
discrimination against white comments ! end this !!!!
ok bye guys stomach hurts too much
my sister is blaring let it go.. One like= One prayer
Bye! )/
if this gets 9 likes ill change my name to StupidBoy76543
Alright! If You Hate This CP UFO, I Will Change Right Now!
imagine being so angry you dislike everyones comment
I like how most kids here can't use grammer, so the sentences have a different interpretation
dislike if Gdaccount127 is gay
I didn't get to hug everybody. Greetings to others who I didn't hug: I love you.
Enjoyable gameplay, nostalgic song, epic :)
Servers really were like ight imma head out
Unique, this really deserves an epic rating in my opinion. Good job :)
I hope you all awesome guys enjoy this as much as I do! <3
If this gets top comment, I will eat a pillow
level title: *exists*   song title: im gonna stop you right there
This is a fun, unique, polished level that deserves an epic rating.
didnt made it
pass is 24680
Good level :)
I sense this polarizing energy between the song and the level names... 
Level: Gonna make it;Song: Never make it....
Well youre sure a lot more positive than creo
I saw this on your instagram!
my new favorite level tbh
M A K E   I T
Epic as always my bro! :D
Thank you for dedication! :D
whos here before the feature
i thought unity had a lot of move triggers.. good job!
RATE MORE
Very Cool
Fingerdash vibes :)
plz like this comment if im gay
Hope everyone Had a wonderful Christmas, and I wish you a wonderful 2020 !
feels like im beating a demon
Transitions could be better, but overall looks decent.
pretty amazing that people still havent figured out that offscreen gameplay is gay
like here if your best level didnt get featured
Pass is 103069
decade is ending and we still putting orbs in blind spots. great design tho
Not too bad but some gameplay is kinda hard to read
Thx bros :,)
i wish i could create like this :(
NEW FINGERDASH
like if on moblie
code for copy?
nice!
Why... Not... EPIC?!?!??!
this is epic
I want 2.2 in 2020
LIKE
the name comes from the word "level" spelled backwards
I love this song
MAP
do you mean MAP
ufo part and last ship part are the worst
the first serious level you make after 4 months
This is insane, once I beat this I will upload to YT! :)
GG ;) 47 Attempts ;) I'm not even sure how you're supposed to do the UFO correctly ;)
comment
kiasco
Xoroz,  nice job for friending me, right after you got your first cp, i get blocked. Nice.
But what if the name was backwards?
great comment
did partition send this?
haha the beginning sounds like a fart
GG 28 Attempts, buggy
bad gameplay
not gonna lie didnt expect this level to be a level good job
Please, plase like zombazs porfile post :!
Why only featured? I think it deserve epic rating
the gameplay is so cancerous though
I have collab with mez :'D  Maybe my part is only 20%, but I'm satisfied anyway :3
As always, if you find any bugs, send me a message, and I'll try to fix them ! Happy new year folks!
You know, Glide has even more questionable gameplay
The name sounds like an event my school would host
Why do songs as good as this have to have this trashy gameplay...
pass is 271219. i'm glad to see your final 2019 level. :)
<3
Playing on mobile is fun :)
Really fun, but not 7* lol. More like 8-9* maybe one of those easiest demons.
GG! 37.8k stars :)
BUUUUUUUUUUG
gliding with npasta
more of a 8* tbh
Really cool :D
great as always<3
Cool :)
GG! :)
gg! 29k btw
26 mbs!!??
Absolutely stunning. Reminds me of my childhood. Hope it gets Epic ^w^)/
Hope this gets featured!
Holly sh*t dude this is so good!
Really cool level. Thanks for the dedication!
like if u watched this film :3
howls moving castle next p l e a s
Seeing this is so nostalgic. Great level!
Like if you love Studio Ghibli <3
BEST DECORATIONS WITH THE BEST MUSIC IN THE HISTORY OF GEOMETRY DASH!! HAPPY NEW YEAR
Congrats on this well deserved epic :)
isnt this a japanese movie? i think i remember seeing it OwO
I never knew someone would make level about this movie lol
this gave me exactly 1000 stars
*studio ghibli would like to know ur location*
this is absolutely amazing and im surprised i didnt cry
Castle in the sky one of my fav movies, and aeolia one of my fav songs, this a great creation
Pure Art :)
*memory overload*
So beautiful! GG man :)
Awesome decoration, but try to put more effort into the gameplay making it more funny ;)
Amazing, you really made excellent projects this year, waiting for more in the future!
i have achieved comedy
its a sharks song, definitely wasnt expecting that
Report any possible bugs if you manage to find any ! ;)
GG! :) 16 Attempts (On Phone)!
epic
fail
Epic lvl i really like the gameplay and the song is on fire! GG 24 attemps
Is this seriously gonna be daily? ._.
GG <3
thisll be daily
Like if you name is not Andrey
Don't like this comment or a giant squid will eat me
the password for copy is 2019
a lot of bugs needs to fix
GG :B
did you know DanZmenZ full name is DanmulPanZmen has a "Mulpan" name on it? what if they r same guy?
14 atts, gg
really dope gameplay, no major bugs, awesome level
Dreams become vivid =)
HOW                           HOW
Pass is 794468. Like so others can see :D
The easiest 6* i've ever played !!! 
YESSSS YOU DID IT!! :D I'm so happy you got an epic, FINALLY
update : secret way fixed hehe
MAGIC DESERVES EPIC
OMGGGG
your stats are pretty bad, but ur talent in building lvls is crazy good.
E P I C!
Wow...amazing bossfight.
the bossfight brings my fps down to 20 legit
58%
my guy! gg<3
gg
I have a new favorite creator :D
LAGGGGGGGGGGGG like OMG
how is it 6 stars i 1 attempt??
amazing!
one of the best levels out there
liek if u have a body
Esa Andrea todo una arrazadora alv :vv
first part was really cool
Hey >:v tu no puedes tener a andrea los dashers no tienen novia! >:v
If I had a dollar for every featured level with this song I could buy 2.2
no brilla tanto tu novia con el low detail xd
who is Andrea uwu
El Titulo debio ser I Love You Blending porque no memes hay un monton de blending
i don't love you 
que afortunada esa Andrea B)
ESPERA... mi novia tambien se llama Andrea
Todos Con Pareja Menos Yo X,D
Ohhh bello y sencillo lo amo <3 GG
a mi me gusta alguien que se llama igual que ella (andrea) le dedicare este nivel desenme suerte
nice detail to Andrea :)
pass=453699 like this comment if it worked
oh.
4,000,000 orbs, GG! :)
Treepalm fue un buen hombre... o mujer quien sabe
Consejo:NO SALTES EN EL 43-44%
crea un nivel para ella but lo terminan
whoever sent this for extreme, BRUH
a minute of silence for the players who had this as their first extreme minutes ago
Fantastic demon level Hayper, hope an epic rating ^^
extreme demon what??
if i can get 21% on a demon, then it isnt extreme demon
I don't know what's weirder, that a demon is first place or that a medium demon is rated extreme
more like insane demon with those stupid maze parts 
Hard demon, not medium imo.
I bet the people who sent this for extreme cant even beat back on track
Christmas
1st place extreme wtf
epic and not even 100 likes yet wtf
why is this extreme what
we did it, take the screenshot when was extreme, im mega proud :D
a bit hard for medium demon! probably hard demon 
Whoever sent this probably didnt get past the first 10% without raging lol
When the first part is the hardest. Oh and hard demon btw.
anyone from 2020?
not extreme. probs hard demon?
maybe a hard demon?
Odd color choices for the beginning, but this is rly fun! Also nice block designs! :)
nice
Thank you everyone :)
first  ;)
This level is extraordinary and inspirative. GG Abdou!
daily?
17 attempts and coin
That comment earlier was right though, Neo City is Galaxxyss best level and its cool :)
2 attempts gg
Xendergame is always a quality creator. I love this level so much.Lord Rub Rub epic feature this!!!!
Thx!
:O I played this on stream yesterday! CONGRATS! :D
Really fun gameplay, Really good deco :D
So fuuun
I like How You Can See The Backround ezly and the blocks are super cool lookin'
h
like here for daily
It was nice to collab with you again :)
Yeah me too. I want like, a BIG rating spree tomorrow night.
awesome
Its epic, thanks for dedication uwu
hello! guys
Ez xD
feliz ano nuevo a todos los quierooo
fun fact: all the hardest gauntlets start with 'd', which is a refrence to how hard my d is
i got 50% on stereo madness using my big toe :0
Happy 2020 Everyone!
pass is 010101
thx guys!!!
when u die at the secret way
happy new years everyone and to all thy world
what if you wanted to go to heaven but god said: waluigi is now in smash
geometry dash story mode
the problem is that robtop let his project creep too much and he failed to limit himself adding shit
Like if you want me to stay until my battery is ded
pass is 010101
pass 010101
my first 2020 word was good morning
I kmow the perfect place for Sebax..... an Indian market!
HAPPY NEW YEAR GUYS!!! Hope You All Had An Amazing New Years Eve!
I like pulse and colors this level.
pass: 635574
Imagine having to eat an accordion every time someone likes this comment *laughs nervously*
inconsistent gameplay, decent design, not the fan of black screen flashes
beautiful!
Nice job :)
Honestly one of my favourite levels.
Congrats Staps! c:
TOOOO MUUUCH GLOOOOW
gg
GG Staps!!
GG! Excelente trabajo muy bueno, me gusto la decoracion y el gameplay.. son de los mejores 8)
WwWwWw HFKSJFHSKDKSJFBSBKD                OK :^
love this level, send to mods
i really like this level its very colorful and fun gameplay wise
gameplay isnt the best but i really like this
you dont have to press the first 2 black orbs
very fun
really cool! but, what is the description xD
If I Get Top Comment I will Give Everyone A Cookie
The question is not "How could I make this daily". It is: "How could I NOT make this daily"
This is actually really good. I wish I would've known about this in 2.0 xD
My... Mind... is... BLOWN!!!! This is amazing!
Was I the only one who thought that I was gonna be fighting a giant mecha santa? ...Be honest.
WHY DF ISN'T THIS FEATURED WHY RUB RUB
WHY NOT FEATURED?!
PLS! ROBTOP! RAAAAAAAATEEEEEE!
Wow nice level good job man :D
-... -.-- .
the greatest question on earth is why is bronk's levels not featured?
Ill edit jacobmorrow wiki when i think of ideas
.... . .-.. .-.. ---
Nice! Merry C! :D
i like santa throwing presents at me, but not when there filled with bricks :/
@Account127 We ban for the same reasons every time, and none of them are hard to not do.
if baby yoda wins meme of decade I am moving to Greenland
feliz navidad al que lea estoooo!!!!!!
did someone mention cheese? i have been summoned
I dont think i can get orbs from orb farm
Slice me!
Dedicated to everyone. Thank you for supporting me!
Thanks guys for the love :)
2.2 needs to add apostrophes
I love this level so much! I love to see all the cool backgrounds, and how they play out in ur life.
Bruh Secret way? Gotta fix it.
Like this comment and level if it should be featured
Thought I found a secret way ;/
hows everyone doin today? :)
Coin 1: Tap trigger at 3% Avoid portals at 14% and at 16%
Does FGH stand for Fine Good Homie?
idk where the coins are.
So unique! Haven't seen anything like this yet! Thanks so much, @FGHjapan! I love this level! Peace!
Fixed it.
RobTop isn't rating more levels bcz he is with him virtual girlfriend
among us???
Coin 2: Tap invisble orb at 32% Do not tap at 58%
praise this man he watchin my stream
yesssssssss gg
I like the chess part :)
F=Funny  G=Game  H=Hacker           i think he hacked funnygame ;)
mommy it said the shit word
Lindo nivel, bien hecho :)
The last 3 spikes jumpscared me a bit lol
is this.. is this a good recent level?
I'm sorry if I said a bad word :C
gracias a todos por jugar <3
I just completed the level "I love you." and then i see this
you are not supposed to say the poo word here
This will be the next overused song.
culo
This is basically a Jayuff level.
oooo this level say bad word robtop going to be mad
When you admit your love for your crush
pass is 008213
this is literally just a knockoff Jayuff level lol. neat still
YAY CURSE WORDS gets demonitized*
happy new year guys<3
now that's a joke
im telling mommy >:(( u said the bad word
I love this song! <3
Neat collab in general. Fortunately LDM is really good so the big part of people will enjoy it :D
I must be colorblind or whatever, but I can't see the difference between gravity and size portals
Yep :)
Pass: 104127
Awesome level. Thanks for the dedication!
Cool! :)
amazing
If you're nae we can run duos
rob u should rate rift zone by neutrii101
awesomeee
this shouldve been epic, plus the palm trees are ORIGINAL
FORTNITE SEASON 10
Looks cool! I'd just wish gameplay was as enjoyable as design is.
GG
i hate the slow parts
stinky
good and nice :) and e:)
gg
Lgood
big yes o.o
Awesome :)
Cool :)
can i enable ignore damage please
This level is strangely unsettling. 
sweet
SO GOOD SOOOOO GOOOOOD
th31 be like:
This is awesome, but, How would it be without editor colors? (Epik)
Super unique.
This is what RobTop sees
dude u left preview mode off
i didnt know this came out, heck yeah
i want see rendered
the wave literally killed me more times than both coin routes combined
anybody here from nexus?
My question is what would the level look like normally?
Should've been Epic
I dont know why, but this hurts my brain
partition?
you came here from wulzy
krit: making sequels easier than the original since 1840
POGS IN THE CHAT ITS 5* LOL
why 5 star had a fake orbs :(
if you want 5* it still needs more nerfing
Not bad. I like most aspects of this level, except for the gameplay. Imo this is 6* or 7*.
ah, yes
:(
A E S T H E T I C
1 like = 1 day closer to 2.2
rip song
i know this isn't my best, but i had fun building on it and at the end of the day im glad i did
next time dont go for coin
Should be at least 6*
GG with a coin
Nimbus is a nice level, but nimbus is also very stressful ;w;
GAAAAAAH!
nerfed it a little, hopefully its 5* now :)
this should be 6 stars not 5 
got rekt by the last coin
haha the Nimbus 3000 in HP!!!! 
Can we stop begging for top comment? it does not give you anything..
people trying to get likes on a comment in a $2 jumping game
Geometry dash dark mode when
we should make pewdiepie to play geometry dash
Im not gay and neither is my boyfriend                                     hold up
above comment is stupid
theres a chance that 2.2 released more less a month after 2.1 awards result
Viprin rapping will be him repeating the same lines.
If you just give a Creeper a hug it will become your best friend
what would you do if you wanted to comment but gd said 'No Comments'
You have been banned for 1 minute and 35 seconds Reason: Warning
why did they delete my comment about why saying the N word is immoral.....
If this comment gets 10 likes i will show my comment history to my friends
airline food sucks imo... Don't dislike if you disagree, but in my experiences I hate it.
First person to read this is still using windows xp
juniper is 96% in love with colon
Unfortunately the chat rules only show once which I agree, is annoying... 2.2 might fix that + more.
Aight, imma head out. Have fun gamers, hopefully we get a new daily soon
cn is 0% in love with disney
plot twist.... Robtop is the dislike spammer
The city is being evacuated due to a fire, please exit the city in a calm and orderly fashion
xD 
Thanks for the dedi
:( WTF is This piece of shit trash level.......... oh wait i had ldm on
191
holy shit congrats on getting a ratedlevel
HEY I KNOW THAT PHRASE!
Np @LightningSL
gg :]
"Ayy congratulations. It's a celebration!"
also gg
like if u dont know what aesthetic is but use it anyway
Very fun :)
eww... oh wait let me turn off ldm frist. hey where did the epic rate go to?
it is a very good level the truth 7w7
GG! All coins
this name is kinda like a roblox guys name....
Good level ! good decoration and gameplay !
tornado can i enter you :flushed:
omg zenthi actually got rated bro gg
level owner says disleki below
hes the right creator to make Astral Virginity
ah yes, my favourite gmd creator "v1rg1ngd" 
not a big fan of the gameplay
Like if you want to kill the wave parts.
how come its called Reisdual when it has no dual gameplay? :thinking:
extremely buggy
Cool! some small tweaks to the gameplay like the orbs in the portals would be cool :p
GG! 8 attempts and 2,600 demons :)
Congratulations on getting a feature. c:
this level is so f**king annoying
The wave part is super unbalanced...
horrible gameplay
lmaO this level is so buggy XD its fun tho
This is a bug or level?
16 attempts. #1648
i hate the one buggy part near like 70 
basura de nivel
like if you want go out right now
woah thats me
What a masterpiece, nice job :)
if this gets top comment i will eat my legs
I have no words.. amazing job .) <3
Now this is my new favorite. :)
did rob seriously rate something then leave
A VERY well deserved epic! :D
Great level! :)
fav level ;D
2.2 might come out in January or Feburary!! Whos excited!?
Nature is life
Epic GG!! IceWither :)
This level is SOOOOOO beatiful but i cant beat it lel
noice lvl
niice!
pass :226876 your welcome
Amazing level :)
I felt like i was traveling in real life tbh
lol cool
this level made a grown man cry. God dang
One of my favorite levels.
Merry Chungsmas
merry chungsmas
BROS
chungsmas
Nice job Bros :)
merry
mery chungusmas
happyp birhtday1!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
if dudexmas was so good why isnt there a dudexmas 2
BROS BROS BROS
happy holidays from bros!
merry chungsmas
Merry Chungsmas
BROS
BROS
merry chungsmas
ops
silence pan
merry chriismo fellas
wholesome 100%
Lindo dia :3 Gracias por la dedi 
Feliz Navidad <3
un placer tener una participacion en este nivel, feliz navidad a ti y a todos :D
Pichula
Nice job! It's Boxing Day for me, but merry christmas to you guys! :)
Es el mejor nivel de navidad que he jugado :)
2.2??
Las monedas faciles son el mejor regalo que puedes dar :)
Cool level. Thanks for dedication. :)
Por fin un nivel en espanol que sale en tendencias
like si hablas espanol :v
no puedo poner prospero ano por que pone eso(ano)
Quisiera volver a estar una navidad con mi perro Otra vez :'(
Happy holydays! thanks for dedication bro :") <3
2020  yey
MERRY CHRISTMAS GD!!!!
FELIZ NAVIDAD A TODOS(AS) LOS DASHERS
Buen nivel! Gracias por la dedicacion. :)
awww que tierno de tu parte, espero que la hayas pasado bien ;)
FELIZ NAVIDAD XDXDXDXD
miaou
I can confirm the level name is a lie..........
Cats are good. The movie...well...we dont talk about that
The blocks areway too dark I cant see
Awesome my compatriot! thx for the dedication! <3
that's quite the level name, does Dashty like cats though? 
<3
Freyenomg is now part of the weird level names along with DanZmen and Jayuff
Gracias por la dedicacion bro, gran nivel!!! <3
more like azazal likes cats lol
I like cats too, Noice level.
meeeeow
THX GUYS!
Im happy to be the first person to play the next featured level :)
what did i die to?
Are we not gonna talk about how this level's name is a Minecraft reference?
GG
el fernando O.o
i also like cats :3 (not the movie)
dog
Nice effects, I love this a lot :O
Here's my little Holiday gift to you guys :D Enjoy!
lol Im shocked how many people are finding the easter egg lmao
Like for Yyeeto's Uucha cube that appears before you play
pass is 678686
I made some timings less annoying and I made the UFO part easier
Thank you so much Rob! :DD
GG to those who get first coin
never stop dreaming ha i have to stop dreaming that my devices can run these levels :(
If this gets daily I will dig straight down with diamonds in my inventory
milk is a kind of chocolate and chocolate is a kind of milk
I dont think there was a secret way, but if there was, I made a patch I hope lmao
GG BRO 10 cp!!!
great level mr. buttstallionpc
UUCHA UUCHA UUCHA UUCHA UUCHA UUCHA UUCHA UUCHA
why do people call it a secret way? Its a secret but it makes you crash if you find it
Who else found the "secret way" in the beginning
ok
Very great Level! Nice job!
gd awards 2.1 best song 
I do be doe
how did u make this in 6 hours
I like the realistic backgrounds, nice job Electroid!
Nice atmosphere, so bad that christmas is gone already this year
Mmmmmm it tastes like candy
hey rob rate this
Ok Im goin to bed not gon lie
The art looks amazing for something done in 6 hours!
GG
hell yes very good level i enjoy
im commenting this with a stool on my head.
If the fireplace is L I T then what happens to Santa?
1att gg :)
ElectroidDash deserves more epics
I love level
gg, 1 att mobile
song is a little boring, but art is incredible and the gameplay isn't terrible either.
2 attempts
amazing level GG
Thanks, same. Happy new year!
Nice :) Merry Christmas!
this is our world if we global warming.,.,.
amazing level vibe
atleast the polar bears can chill on da beach now
you notice that this song has NOTHING to do with this level (christmas is not summer)
christmas isn't winter for everyone! it's my summer holiday now
Epic
This is what winter looks like in California
One BG per level :|
the sun went south for the winter
last time i checked, winter had snow
level = winter                        song = summer
beautiful
nice art
like if ur not playing on christmas
i win
this is a fantastic view...and also a good gameplay :D!
the gameplay is decent however hard to sight read.
Why Isnt this epic?
lol 69
Good, the gameplay is so enjoyable!
Happy Holidays!
Al menos tu si lo terminaste xD
Thanks Shaggy ^^
amazing, i love it owo!
Merry christmas guys and I hope you like the level :D
epic level
gran trabajo chicos ^^
go coscu army
cool :3
Felicidades a los dos por crear esta maravilla!
uwu
GG! :)
shaggy is the most active player in the game i swear
great! this deserves epic.
Should be 8 stars in my opinion.
GG TERKAI!!!
GGG
Amazing and cool gameplay ;)
gg!!!!
Fun fact: Christmas is celebrated as a holiday because it's Polaris Dog's birthday!
GG :) Epic level!
OMG POLARIS
OMG POLARIS
OMG POLARIS
OMG POLARIS
OMG POLARIS
OMG POLARIS
OMG POLARIS
OMG POLARIS
OMG POLARIS
OMG POLARIS
Why Is Everyone Saying OMG POLARIS?
OMG POLARIS
OMG POLARIS
Thats my name? 
OMG POLARIS
OMG POLARIS
OMG POLARIS
OMG POLARIS
Yay! :) quedo genial!
Thanks RobTop :3 "Meow"
like this to instantly shit
Thanks IZhar :3
I am the first who pass it with three coins!!!!
18th like on this level. You could be the 18th like on this comment
where is the 3rd coin?
Like for 2.2 tomorrow
Feliz navidad
The third coin is hidden at 55%
Merry Xmas!
today is the only day you can like this
Feliz Navidad/Merry Christmas!
Good :)
um.. merry christmas.. but why a mini wave on a hard level?
first online level ive ever played
pass?
primera vez que veo un nivel decente en recent
beatiful :') merry christmas / feliz navidad :3
Merry christmas, feliz navidad
Thanks boy :D
Amazing level wilz! the transitions needs work ;)
Pretty nice ^^
GOOD GAMEPLAY !!!!
Cool effects, pretty nice level. =)
seas espanol o no he visto varios de tus niveles y son de lo mejor uwu
Nice! 
:D
nice
epic
gg!
1 att gg
cool 
:)
cool level
GG!
GGGGGGGGGGGG
really cool
it's beautiful!
53 attempts
i just took a dna test turns out i'm 100% lil lightz
47 seconds
Merry Christmas Robtop! =)
they're player colours mostly
hard to see whats a block and whats a spike.
Nice :)
merry christmas gamers
someone laugh I died at the funny number
Gives off the usual trippy vibe Wulzy likes to achieve. Nice work! :D
how da heck did dis not get epicu
Lil Lightz - Wulzy (Dir. by @_ColeBennett_)
God Bless you all merry christmas
im done
me love waves! :D
NOOOOOO NOOOOTTT THERE!!!!!!
hard to read
i saw this on his preview yesterday. who else did?
for the meme
good gameplay good design overall good level
@itsyaboydrag  Just like your stats
did you seriously put mario icons in a level with a LOZ song 
Bueno
Happy christmas geometry dash :)
Try not to have the pixel art completely cover the character. It makes the level unplayable
pretty sure that song is from the legend of zelda, not mario.
GG!
Alexins: I will make a level with a legend of zelda song.Mario icons: It's free real state
woah, Nostalgia! I remembered using that fireflower on Link Always!!
uses zelda song has mario characters ._.
AleXins: Im gonna make a level that involves Zelda music. Also AleXins: *decorates with Mario props*
mario art in a level with zelda music? lol
pixelart is from the wrong game duh
the original song of storms is better than this song
y is there mario stuff when the song is from the legend of zelda.
G
Song: From Zelda    Objects in lvl: From Mario   Me: Wait thats illegal
I like :)
Did I see a Mario prop in a Zelda themed level? PATHETIC.
I too, often make mario art to go along with a zelda song
did anyone got the Bug? :/
Some designs look much too similar to Knots, but for the most part, it looks hot!
Some parts look like knots, and the others look like ardolf. not too bad though
Huge shoutout to waffl3x for supporting me the entire month this was being made
Last level of 2.1                           *2.2 never comes out*
my Like got this level to 420 likes. thank me later
Very pretty! Not too sure bout the gameplay(I am sure that the 1st blue jumppad is useless cuz ball)
oPtical
ooow
last level of 2.1 mhm yup we in 2.2 yup mhm yeah
aww
aww
Realllyyyyyy bad gameplay
last level of 2.1 my ass
I didnt know Knots has a sister lol
trans rights
shut up
I don't like the fact that the first part is basically stolen from Knots.
wow
I heccing love this song
Looks a littles messy at some parts but this is still really cool. could get epic
Merry Christmas guys, I hope everyone have incredible moments with your family and friends!
Gd is better than Fortnite, who agrees? Me.
Neat :)
Yeah, scooby snacks could be a nice gift today :pog:
Like Jayfrost said, yeah only Rub can rate levels!
Merry Christmas everyone :)
rob,can you rate lvl for unknown creators?.. the big gift of the life
You opened gift from rubrub it's a letter that says 2.2 is delayed again. 
GG all coins :)
I will be honest haha I do not know nothing about my gift this year lmao hype
Everyone: 2.2 for Christmas please Rob! Plot Twist: Rob doesn't celebrate Christmas :0
RobTop will deliver rates to all the good boys on Christmas, so RIP The Flame lmaooo
Crystal, almost 2 years haha
fortnite players about to enter the 2nd decade of their existence
Jon, I think patience and having fun in a game is the clue to be good!
Thank you Jordan <3 I appreciate it!
dear allah. please destory cringe
WhiteVanFilms, do not advertise here ^^ You can send me the ID by a message, I have them open 24/7
I lost My virginity to Cartoon network ;-;
The level name is chernobyl and you used the song dancing naked
this looks like something that would be a Bob Ross painting
All I want for Christmas is 2.2
Really cool! :)
esta bueno furro
yo where's my boy Odysseus at
buenardo
Ono
owo
This isnt minimalist! This is art!
buenardium
ok boomer
very good level 
love it
I love that game. :)
I love this level =)
Really good level, not empty at all actually good theme and colours too
100 likes and ill backflip where i stand
3 Coin! Like The Spider Gameplay!
pretty calm to play, pretty relaxing. <3
GG All coins and 9,600 stars :D
Anyway very nice level even though I can't see anything lol
This level looks phenomenal, but it's hard to read the gameplay due to tinted orbs and brightness!
Thanks for this Christmas Gift. :3
Btw Merry Christmas to everyone! <3
A level with dark mode?
Too bright, also, you cant identify the orbs.
Gameplay needs some work i think...
Good job! :>
NEW RATES! MERRY CHRISTMAS YALL!
beautiful
gg !!!
i reccomend normal mode :p
great level design!
This is honestly really good.
Oh Wow Very Cool
wHAT I THOUGHT I WAS THE ONLY ONE WHO KNEW THIS SONG EXISTED
Gooddd 
Feature???
thx for the dark mode
if this level doesnt get featured i will eat a rock
Gran nivel!
1 like = 1 hour closer to 2.2
All i want for christmas, is 2.2
Improve next time your gameplay. :p
Awesome! :0
this comment is hacked you can like it infinite times
like si amas a tus padres
The blocks need a lot of work. But the effects are interesting.
very cool rel
pretty cool 
GG! 10,300 Stars :)
like si eres de Peru
cool name
like this comment if u think this level is cool(or ur a boy)
love the moment where its the bare layout then switches to the finished product 
increible :0
Nice level :)
F THE MOVING OBJRCTSDSSM
Like si eres peruano al igual que Enboy!
move trigger abuse
Why so many dislikes in the comments?
The gameplay is decent, and the deco is cool, but the Dubs part is messy. (i love the Epxa's part)
good level!
Noiiiiiiiice Leevel boyuss
AltherDark is still copying Ethrakk's style, great.
Cool work guys ;)
30,000 Stars!!! A nice way to end the decade :D
good level but confusing gameplay
THIS HAS TO MUCH GLLLLLLOOOOOOOWWWW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
such a good level but no air deco...
feature worthy for sure awesome level both of you
i thought the level changed the colors of my cube for a second
GG! Me pregunto quien habra hecho el gameplay uwu
this...
GG!
cool level!
Cool 
nice work :)
un gusto participar hermano! <3
cool
I think robtop didnt download the song when he rated this lol
i was hit by a Panda Cocc and it made me crash
wow mi regalo de navidad gracias robTop
what starts with p and ends with orn? pandicorn
por favor delen amor 
Panda Cok.
Panda Cocc. Pppanda Cccccoccc.
The song is shit for my ears. Good lvl.
this really be a bruh moment
got rated gg
played without song. then I read the comments, listened to the song and never been so glad before
espero q consigas tu primer featured con este hermoso nivel bro :)
7w7
P A N D A   K O C H
cool level
ppppppppanda cok
merry christmas
wtf..
Very cool and nice designs!
GG AMIGO ^^ felicidades por el FT
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Its back boys. Good Luck everyone
Next DanZmeN level: Astral VirginitY
like if you remember god eater
Like if saw: 69% fail, 92% fail, or 95% fail
This is quite fat
i noclipped this because i beat original on another acc, mass dislikes incoming
A god does not die. But a device does
Legendary..
Only people who were watching the stream know about the 95% fail. GG!
GG x2
no mames we te salio caldo
like who was knobbelboy stream
attempt 1
GG :^)
A oc.
It is time! GG on verifying it, Knob!
xD
Astral VirginitY
GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
Nice design, but so many auto part
Like Mulp said, design is good but empty-auto transitions could be updated/more worked!
all i want for Christmas is an auto daily
LIKE IF YOUR NOT GAY
top comment and ill change my name to "heckspoo"
like for 2.2 yesterday
id prefer it if there were no bots sorry, people overuse and misuse them, no matter the purpose
i timed out someone saying the N word
i got the first coin by pressing randomly xD
Merry Christmas @everyone
I just dropped my glass of water gg
liek if meincfrat, liek if goemtery dhas
Yikes, what a time to log on, settle down lol
"stop being dirty" "i have a really racist joke" 
Contextually if it's used as a loophole to a slur, it's not allowed. And only in that context.
I am going to watch the Impractical Jokers movie
Merry Christmas to all and have a great time... <3
I check daily comments a lot, but I dont comment much cuz attention :v
one funny scene in the new star wars does not validate the rest of the movie
Good God. Imagine calling someone a "6-year-old" for having a different outlook.
bad gameplay
even though it seems to get a bit lazier near the end, i like a bit of the beginning stuff!
bad gameplay
wtf is that stupid ending
Very bad orbs.... cant see them
the dash orbs are so bad disigned 
Aight no more hidden spike at 61%, thx for telling me and sorry for everyone who died there :)
puta mielda de niver
lvl was alright could use some work tho :)
gg, I finally remembered to jump over that half invisible spike at 61-62%
Oh, I actually have to do something with that... It's not just an arrow, to signify where I'm going.
I don't have the patience to complete this level... The gameplay is just too weird.
bad level, very vad gameplay, only id**t make this.... -.-
BAD GAMEPLAY!!!!
Gameplay is still bad even when fixed imo, sorry
reminds me of old modern levels, the good kind not the lazy kind
pretty bad
Best iced tea
This is REALLY fun. I think its suited better by a 6* though. Awesome job!
gg very good level :) 
Me gusta
Toucan shooting lasers? Which dimension are we in?
That bossfight is as unrealistic as a 5 year old kid's dreams.
I hate it how you can't see whether its a normal orb or a dash orb
Thanks everyone!
I was 18th like on the level. Maybe you could be the 18th like on this comment?
Very cool!
if you read this you can read
I love this level. I would like to see more like this. thx.
Wow! looks like someone went into my dreams somehow and turned them into a bossfight!
toucan that shoots lasers? awesome level
Pretty cool, it is kind of weird that it goes from glow to modern, but its aight
boy you think you funny but look at ya hairline be looking like the macdondald symble
might as well be auto rated
@Enboy Yes
pretty hot bro
nice level and best boss fight ever
This level gave me my 5000th star... GG
where the second coin
4
1 like = 1 extra week of christmas break
I don't like the gameplay
looks cool, but the gameplay is trash ngl
Can someone explain to me why all easy demons are like medium demon difficulty nowadays ?
on god pretty dope
DO NOT USE DECO THAT LOOKS LIKE SPIKES
medium demon
ptyxalphas, do you not understand how it feels to die from something you can't see in front of you?
Bruh this is last weekly of 2019 
pass is 9107
like if you like christmas :)
If this gets 4 likes, I will beat Zodiac.
Somebody once told me
the world is gonna roll me
I ain't the sharpest tool in the shed
Only shooting stars break the mold
The wave spam is so gay
this gameplay is AWFUL
and they don't stop coming
She was looking kind of dumb
stop fighting for top comment, and stop disliking others for the same reason
Geometry dash is love. Fortnite is hate.
this is a megacollab, the original takes you to the first persons part bruh
what is going on
wha-
This level isnt copied dont worry
Fun Fact: small brain above
minecraft is cool
ITS A MEGACOLLAB PEOPLE, READ THE DESCRIPTION
1 like = minus 11 days at school
Like if FreakEd's part is gay
if this comment get 10 likes,ill expose RobTop
exotic and wedges both got a very short ban for repeatedly saying a particular word after warnings
u can call us out. feel free. we wouldnt ban for that its better people when understand and can ask
Serponge sends no levels at all and is niga inactive
Farewell my friends, for i must eject bodily fluids into a porcelain bowl linked to the sewers
i wish i could stop this argument but this wild mushroom needs to grow a brain
"ahohoho, you may be a necromancer, but ive got one HELL of a secret for you! im a NECRODANCER!"
i didnt ban them so i sadly cannot answer but ill go find out give me a few min
mods gay full offense
Perfect :)
pekny level narciskooo :o
Yes! Another epic. Thank you Robert <3
colors include: green blue green blue green blue white
this color combination somehow works incredibly well
Super level ReYzene! =)
gg
pass 005697
like this comment please
Interesting
eggplant colors
ty si blaazen
dobry level my amigo 
To vypada dobre :D
si
you better add some spikes at the bottom my friend :) 
im so early that this level has 20 likes
It should be green and purple like my player colors xd
Good level, i wish you a merry christmas =)
GG:) Cool level
2020 is soon... time really flies...
please do not forget to press the orbs of 40% well so you do not bug thanks owo
Note to self: Robtop would not be a good santa
Hello 2002 .u. uh oh...
1 like = 1 F for the decade
2019 is 98% complete
se deberia llamar godbye acount xd
hes gonna kill 2019 guys stop him
2019 is the most bad year for me
goodbye 2019 hello disease
2019 left the chat. 2020 entered the chat.
Coins: keys at 8% and 27% coins at 36%, 54% and the 3rd coin is free. All Your Rate Levels Done, GG!
2019 was the best year of my life. im sad for it to go away
Hello from 2020
2019 left the chat. 2020 joined the chat
Why does everyone use Livin Up as a new years song?
bruh 2020 sucks
Goodbye 2019, Hi 2020.And never 2.2 :'(
welcome new year : )
pretty good;)
Fantastic job! :D
OMG
Xender: Luminous Reaction You: Luminous Explotion
32 attempts. Should be Easy Demon. #1154
if you die on the first spike then the letters that spell NOXOP spell NO
GG! 5 attempts :)
f*ck the last cube section. annoying af
gg, took 15 minutes to beat this after i died at 98
GG, 263 attempts, very annoying gameplay
pov: you went to the last level of easy demons
GG ;) 16 Attempts ;) Another good one ;)
Kinda hard timings but it's super short so balances out to high easy demon imo. 2 demons until 750
BEAUTYFUL LEVEL! 
yeah
GG! :) 34 Attempts!
first ball is stupid hard, otherwise awesome
47 atts, amazing gameplay! It's somewhat challenging while still staying on the easier side :)
GG 22 Attempts
Slimy overdose!
GG Super fun demon #1428 - 41 attempts
Good decoration, awful gameplay
Chicken
FelTa bad vibe from this gameplay
Is this gameplay a JOKE??? But good art though... forgot S blocks
bad gameplay, but other than that awesome!
Might be legit actually. Ill give him benefit of the doubt before we make assumptions here.
i will make better gameplay next time. sorry everyone :[
F+CK your UFO
ITS NOT THAT HARD TO MAKE GAMEPLAY THATS AT LEAST NOT AWFUL TO PLAY
Gameplay
Gameplay? Whats that?
Epic design but... gameplay is...
please work on your gameplay, this isnt fun.
ngl the lvl name sounds like a brand of cheese.
FORTNITE SUCKS GET OUT OF HERE
Gameplay could use some work but some very nice movements!
Wow im so good
45% bad
Good sync
GG! 37.1k stars. The gameplay is so bad that the level is almost unplayable.
mulpan has been mod for eons
phen's part is bad
the beginning just gave me some KillBot  vibes..
mulpan be like: epic
Ggul jam zzzzzzz
like this comment if you are playing on mobile.
medium demon!!!!!!?? who sent this as an 8 star? rate it again and maybe ill try to beat it
like to yeet a baby
the fact that i cannot beat an insane level but can beat a demon
listen why do these demon creators have a new trend where they make jump orbs look like hazards?
Title: Me right after Minecraft 1.15 comes out
easy demon? GG mobile
Rob. when mulpan?
very fun level, did it on mobile
A bit too hard for Insane 8*. It should've been at least 9*. 
Nice :)
Cool. :)
Why are all insane levels harder than easy demons like, what?
like if feel my pain
not THAT fun ...
This gameplay is about as much fun as getting eaten by tigers
Effects make gameplay hard to see, but it's still nice + decent sync. Cool level! Thx4Dedication 8)
Zoroa coming..
This level is severely buggy and messy.
No bro c:
Glad to see experimentation but this is extraordinarily messy
Count to 20 for 2020
This is so messy...
Bad gameplay
Bad invisible gameplay :(
I am very sorry if the gameplay is not to your liking or has some "bugs", I will try to fix ,Thanks
the number seven: *exists* the girls in this song: *confused screaming*
the gameplay is kind of awkward to play... gg either way tho.
I'm not sure what I just experienced
shitty level
okay girls, lets count to ten-1,2,3,4,5,6,8... sh*t ... 2,3,4,5,6,8  
pass 201219
1,2,3,4,8. Oh shit.
What the actual hell is going on
yikes this gameplay is awful cant see anything as well
Make my style, get epic. Simple. gg
Someone has stolen this level from you, SpudT; do not worry, we have reported them accordingly. :D
My Brother are gonna like this 'v'
Someone almost stole this lvl. He got caught. Original owner of the lvl gets cp. Respect.
I cannot believe this got featured the day I released it after it almost got stolen. Tysm Hyperflame
Me: "Mom can we have God Yeeter?" Mom: "No we have God Yeeter at home." God Yeeter at home:
Thanks so much for the dedication <3
don't slide for coin
it said not to die.                                                     and i did.
This level got me the 800 user coin ship. I will love you forever Studt. <3
GG
Nice level :)
gg on cp!
I search Termination but of FNF :v
i like this so far... cannot wait to beat in the feature.
First spider is definitely danz style
Replaying this makes me question if it's really epic worthy lol
Thanks so much for 50k downloads.. It's honestly crazy how well this level has done. Thank you!
Yes
pass | 053197
Test2
top comment oops lol
like for 2.2 tomorrow
Good afternoon daily gamers
How bout now
Testing :O
Christmas colors are cool, I will return to my purple/orange after 25th December :)
Mina stop it
tiktok is not free, it costs your dignity
;)
OMG WHAT
pasable :)
I wonder who'll win top comment. It's either Sharkarie or Sharkarie.
2.2: am i a joke to you?   the community: yes
im the player that gets 70% first try and then cant get past 10% after
Update: more Low Detail and bugs fixed.
Guys, stop doing chains, at some point this is spam and it is not necessary, thanks.
Oh :O Congrats on daily Agils! 
Ayyy hello Nick <3 
Not a big fan of the last coin. Anyways awesome job as always! =)
why this lvl has 13 likes?
GG 1 attempt! Very nice design and really good sightreadable gp! Love this <3
Good job with the colors and design
16.000 stars and 2.000 user coins :)
did i just hear mario?
Lovely Gameplay :)
Why does this remind me of the eschaton by xender game? Also OwO vear and creeper gear are best gea
3 attempts N O I C E
f this sh im out
really good level
least liked epic lol
lets be honest, no one expected  mario
2300th Star
It's Demon !!
did i hear MARIO saying somethibg at the drop of the levrl
1 att, enjoyable gameplay, had fun :)
Cool level!!!!!! nice!
wat!!!!
Gg on Mobile
Is that thing at the end supposed to be a fish?
the first 13% has the best gameplay ive ever seen...
My eyes are bleeding
btw theres a bug that causes the colors to freeze sometimes. if it isnt a constant seizure, it broke
My epileptic friend loves this so much that he started breakdancing on the floor
Interesting :D
Perfect Sync
that song
How could something so gay be so gooooood!!! ~u~ Phenomenal colors & interesting gameplay/song! uwu
GG :)
the cube do be vibing doe
im playing at 1:45 am and my eyes are now killing me
yall know speedballing means cocaine mixed with heroin, right?
cringe block design
no offense, but the song is gay
If an unknown creator built that it would've got rate only or no rate.
Love this
welp i didn't need my eyes anyway
cool level. im gay now
WHO NEEDS BLOCK DESIGN WHEN YOU HAVE SEIZURES
I unironically really like this. Definitely one of a kind.
The gamplay is a bit boring but the level is not bad at all, it deserves to be sent :)
5 stars tbh
uwu
Good job!
Feat :D
muy bueno
Epic
epic work guys :O
hermoso <3
yeah 200 in leaderboard
EPIC
GG!
GG ALL C0INZ
awesome level :)
epic GG
GG. Cool
GG
GG
gg
GG! All coins
nya
Nyastep more like xKittyPearl am I right?                             ill go die
the first part is gay
stop making levels so fast aaa
Btw, "disable blind transition" option basically disables anything that blocks ur vision
My favorite song is back!!
@Broliant112 Im not a furry wth
Imagine getting 100% pffffff. This post made by the 6% gang.
Like for christmas break!
"woof woof woof" -Oh its a cat :0
would mean the world to me if yall played my new challange leval! thank you all!=)
Amazing level! i like it :)
nya nyaaaa
this level is insaine. literaly
pass?
GG! This leveel is su fwast, its loike demon wevel owo. All coins UwU
*Jhostyn Happy noises*
!Epilepsy Caution!                      *nya
umm this level fun where my like
gg iopta
looks cool but I don't know how good it is because I started late 1.9 lmao
Last ufo/ship part has been nerfed lol
i cant anymore
like if youre in the dedications
lmao didn't expect this to get featured, but I'm very happy! :)
Very well executed for a 1.6 level :)
Passcode is 201614
GG! 8 attempts :)
queso
Looks like I now have one of the easiest hard demons in the entire game on my account.
@Dannyboi78 Autumn Travel exists
for some reason i thought this had something to do with Zelda
this is a medium demon
Neat level :)
featured? ok then Rob lol
yeeep geep
GG 46 Attempts
I came here cuz this is supposedly dimrains favourite song
stop this trend plz
GG
Outstanding, those effects are so nice <3
saying that you want demons sounds so weird out of context
Don't die at 96% ;)
THE EFFECTS ARE INCREDIBLE! THIS IS EPIC! :O
MEURICK TU E FODA DE MAIS COMO E POSSIVEL MANO QUE
Rob rate neutrii by me :U
ooh he do be kinda on da magic tab! Yes!
So freaking good! <33
pass is 400289
GG deliciA
nice level and effects!!!
this is AMAZING.
GGs man wonderfull level
1 att
EPIC :D GG
pass is 400289 yw
now i think ur my favorite creator
GG this level is crazy dude :) 12 atts
Congrats to another feature MrMeurick! I love you work! :)
que delicinha
Nice le...yout
Ok someone remind me why this is even rated
if anyone else made this it would never get rated :/
layout
RobTop really? Why rate on layout?
INSANE MY ASS
lol you are going to get to 100 cp with a layout.
pass is 864327
when layout gets feautered, and your levels even don'd get rate
description provided by Vsauce
Fun gameplay.
gg 100 CP! Thank you robtop :)
This should've been rated demon...
i dont know whats more questionable...this level getting featured or the difficulty robtop gave it
Decorate the first 10 seconds so when RobTop plays it it seems like an actual level...
"Rated levels nowadays are a disgrace" ~ Colon
Remember that mods can make almost anything and it will get rated
this is amazing, wack gameplay but surprisingly fun
this isnt really a layout its alkalis style, just because its unique doesnt mean it sucks.
If this layout is featured... why arent other layouts featured? :/
Let's just appreciate how hard RobTop has worked on this game for a moment.
We've come a long way since Qugust 2013 8)
not bad, but this concept is really overused
I THOUGHT I DIED CUZ OF SOUND LMAO THEN I ACTUALLY DIED ALSO HEY SURV BUDDY
:o
like  for the 1.9
epic level
when 2.2 comes out, YES YES
For a second I thought I was actually dead. Then I died.
Done :)  michingun is beat
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Hola Buenas.
GG! :)
Confuing, but enjoyable.
i love this game <3
more like 2.1 to 2.2
bruh add in the s blocks that stop you from dashing for too long.
i thought i actually died wtf
?
who is the guy saying Yes! Yes!
OMGOMGOMG
bruh this needs to get rated
Thank you all so much.
SO good
Cool!!! I hope this is your first CP.
GG! 31,000 stars and 1,000,000 orbs :)
sad now because song unavaliable
That description is concerning...
GG! Awesome level! :)
bruh sound effect #2
I just beat Nine circles as my first hard Demon and I needed something relaxing so thank you :)))
whaat nooo song is banned >,o,<
OMG Bois  Beat This Level Total 69 Attemps Real!
gg lovley
omg colo
like why isnt this rated yet
GG! really cool gameplay!
Very CoolU_U
lofi hip hop is ma fav
Ay! GG <3           Congrates on ur first feature  ;3
IhadnochoiceIamcool
922 groups what the hell have i done
remember when WorsT LvL EveR MadE was gonna be danzmens last 2.1 level?
Not to be racist, but what tf are triple spikes?
Very cool brother .^.
Neat :)
rob : epic
top australian creator again lets gooooooooooooooo
Nice :)
;) GG
k, I marry you
If this gets Top Comment , I will eat a Fork (No Joke)
alright i've updated it. if you can't pass the wave now you're bad :v
gonna nerf the wave and try balance the bossfight very soon, dont worry bois ;) 
ship with green orbs are my nightmare
yooooooooooo thx for weekly rob :)
It's not 2.2 though.
Like if u want free bread
"don't rate this level" gets rated.    "hey rob rate this"    gets rated. level names don't matter
updated a couple annoying timings. shouldn't give you aids anymore ._.
do not beg
woow, amazing
rob is communicating via level names, hes saying yall toxic
Pass is 232323, like this ! I copied the level.
Imagine basing your style around a guy who based his style around a guy who based his style around
there's a difference between "Robtop style" and "Depish style"
Depish + terraria = this...
quien mas perdio en el 97%   ?    nadie , no hay , no existe
Firebird is very likely not real
is this Terraria bosses ?
Hard F**cking Style, Amazing Level :3
terraria?
terraria
terraria???
evo stop begging lol
viva mexico
GG 48 ATT =D
Terraria
Cool :)
nice !!
OMG A FEATURE?? thanks a lot robtop!!! and thomartin too!
yes
rob may we have some more rates ? :k_think:
quite fun to play :)
why are y'all disliking other one's comments? :(
Nice
Maybe colors when
first attempt:)
woah
pass is 040000
Yes, i can confirm this level has colors
fun
Very fun and sightreadable, I like it! GG! :)
i have committed having a headache
congrats :)
GG 2 attempts
wow 92% ^^^^
AWESOME
I <3 Your creation Gepsoni! I was on the stream when you where creating this awesome Lvl, GG!!
GGGGGGG pour le feat mec tu le merites
CHANGEABLE CHANGED HIS NAMEABLE
Hold jump at start (thank me later)
Let's get Riddikdash, KoopaSwag and Kikaa CP, they're long overdue Rob :)
These are really high quality levels, I cant imagine what it would be like in 2.2
I really like this deco, also interesting first coin;)
Amazing! i liked the glow, kind od laggy tho :U GG!
Most creative way to hide a secret coin...
underrated shouldve been placed higher on the featured page
2 ways.
Gg! :)
NICE GG!
gg!
GG!!
1 attempt  Epic backgrounds!
nice
Ez nice level!!!
nice level 1 coin 1 att
cp gets cp when?
this is so good
pretty chill level
i like how this is better than some of todays featured levels
Any type of spam will not be allowed, enjoy that chat guys :)
Kinetic Sand, the best snack for your kids.
Like for Kawaii
Yes i am GD Boomer
clean design, smooth and fun gameplay, great level man!
I am good, recently woke up and taking breakfast now, cereal to be specific haha
CheeseLocked, I am 21 years old!
im like godly at createing i have more cp then viprin i just hide it :))::)
yeah im bad
i love u jei 3<
"I have a criminal record" why am i laughing
like for robtop
you cant spell christmas without christ
@luke im just a retired old man in gd now
If i get 10 likes in this comment i will change my name to RobertTopala
im bad at making levels. I cant finish anything these days
CP ufo is overrated. Change my mind.
Hot :)
Anteater here! *Ant007: What the f**k*
who remembers when danolex was just a generic creator
Like for Geometry Dash dislike for Fortnite.
pass 200019 :v
Always love seeing a new level from you <3
Like for danolex dislike for viprin
Like si quieres que salga la 2.2
Cool lvl dano :)
Fun fact: you need 35 CP to get to top 200 creators! Like so more people can know!
:)
Nuevo daily
Hola wenos dia, regalen un epic matutino xd
danolex is cool
I Love this so much . . . maybe 4/5 stars =]
pass:200019 like??
:D
Geometry Dash is the best game! Danolex is the best creator! I love it!
Fortnite is gay.
Danolex is Back !!
To anyone who sees this comment, Merry Christmas! :)
another masterpice
feature 
love it!! Awesome level
whose blood will be split in the factory
I think it can be featured.
stubbypinata?
For any wondering, the orb at the start is mandatory to get the first coin.
Wow, nice)
great work
Definetly deserves cp :)
is the blood
Guys, Halloween ended 2 months ago. C'mon, you can do better than that.
no u die
Love the minimalistic style! the level feels too slow though.
like if here b4 feature
Nice I like it
cool
Daym, I love it. xD
AWSOME level love to see more factory levels like this
Bloody Good!
GG
quite cool level
GG + Three Coins ;) Good level but DAAAANG dude that first coin is tough ;)
c la lumiere
Les francais eclairent les voies du possible. GG for your rate !
like this comment if you speak french
et la lumiere fut
Very gentle level.
I misread it as Blumiere
nice!
wow havent played yet and know its amazing
fun
good.
GG! :)
decent 
Hot level
Gg dude I knew your hard work will pay off :D
gg 131 att
t dije culiao
juicy
no i will not practice first. im a geomettry dash player i dont have that type of patience
What would demons be in 2.2? Im scared.
Wow! Design and transitions are really cool, gp is a bit confusing but the concept is so unique! <3
"what is this level called?"    "i don't know"     "alright then, keep your secrets"
I hacked this comment, it makes a cool sound when you like it
Interesting :D
A little confusing sometimes but overall a well executed concept. :)
2.2 in 2.1 just amazing
this what happens robert, you dont update game, we update our brain, so u dont have to realese 2.2
how do u pass 9 %
This is so epic! Great work :0
this guy is living in 2.7
I love it! <3
10 likes and 2.2 will come out
Ayy first epic! GG man
wait a second... i thought 2.2 was locked away in area 51.
2.2 came early this year bois!
WOW:O 
2.2 is here in this level 
Im really confused about 7% someone helpppppp
We don't need 2.2 we have oc3andark
I want to have more creater points!  :^)
THANKYOU ROBTOP AND EVERYONE!!!!!!!!!
pass: 524292 legendery level
That gave me a heart attack.
Pass is: 524292, please leave a like here because this took a long while for me to figure out  :D
I found this map in recent
easter egg is so scary.....
Rob rate this Pretty level!!!!
Found All Endings + Creepy Easter Egg
Wha Jung mal jae mi it a yo
baby yoda
sibal Yeester Egg JonnaMusubnae Subal
gg ssss
love this level and song ^^
Was going to say this was a strangely beautiful level and then my game crashed. Nice.
^^l l=ll- eeeester egg jonna scary 
Bad end wow
beemil2nim namu singi hayo
Beautiful
Ya 3 coins GG
This is very boring...
this death hurts. The gameplay is SO BORING.
I died to nothing here
To be honest, this is among the worst first features I've ever played in GD. Lemme give advice.
Rocket part is way too long...
Make your gameplay overall more dynamic. Make it clear. Playtest it a LOT. Fix bugs (70%)
Don't make your level bland. It needs to be more engaging, despite it being progressive.
Finally, listen to all the opinions. If everyone spams that this level is boring, it's for a reason.
First Featured :) Congrats Man!
dash orb bug at 84% and pad bug at 95%. I am wasting my life with this trash.
Im not trying to sound mean but the gameplay is very boring and there is like no music  thumbs down
I know the levels over, im just still sleeping
like a minute and a half of boring ship gameplay only to die almost immediatly :/
i know i shouldnt like this but i like this.
if i get 10 likes my dad will buy me a doughnut. :D
THIS IS AWFUL
Imma need some snickers, guys.
This was a weird experience. Bad coins
boring and not fun. give me back 2 minutes of my life
hardest bronze coins in a rated level
That was fast, good level!
awful
go play minidisco by thetrueeclipse, epic queso cc entry
i also deleted the unfunny abomination of a joke that was top comment
ok i disliked it
MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
This reminds me of a frustrating Map Pack level from 1.7 and I absolutely love it.
asco! :)
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
minidisco rate wheeeeen
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
this ain't nostalgic at all but really nice design nonetheless
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
lord voldemort himself commented look at that
mmm
microwaves be like: MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM *ding*
good style ^^
~Flying evil microwaves!~
vape
laugh
merry Christmas to everyone <3            amazing lvl btw ^^ <33
Cool! :)
the blue character looks like a wiener XD
oh sick
pues chinga tu madre
Que pro el cubic
a wey tu eres alv el de amino
Gg! cubicwolf ^^ sigue asi!
Nice!
like if you see "OwO" at the starting
Epic Level. Nice Job ;)
The black fade transitions always kill me.
Congrats Cubic 8)
A f t e r   B a s e
Sneaky sneaky :)
the purple one is cute. :3
I think the white one likes the purple one
Demonz plz
Cool:)
LoL
sTop MaKinG levELS wITH tHe TItle lIke thiS
Please do not have a blushing icon in a level whose title includes the word "bang" ever again thanks
The giant square is blocking the way, I can't see anything infront of me. It's a bit unfair.
you will be the new Depish
pass?
Update: 56% bug fixed, sorry.
._.
Playing 4 star lvls now cuz the 5 stars are starting to get a bit annoying
sweet little coin(:
Well... I don't like this style, but the level is very good!
Joker's trap
Nice gameplay and good level :
Good colors :0
Bruh moment,dont block the player
this is takin more att than it should have
WhErE iS sEdUcE mE?
nice
4 stars. 1 attempt.
I hate this style but i love your level
Es el nivel mas epico y hermoso que he jugado! <3
If this gets to top comment i will lick my tongue. . . .
the lag is so heavy my cube is literally rolling like a ball
this is cool but the intro is unbelievably long
i found this in the recent tab?
its still christmas eve for me.
@Changeable have you ever played Xmas Challenge by Andromeda GMD
How to get the coin: at 45% jump to hit the 2nd orb, you turn into a ball to to get the coin.
i swear the song sounds like a slowed down future funk
merry christmas and all but jeez this is poorly optimised 
2020 is near...
everyone saying this is laggy af      me: *randomly proud of my phone*
that last part
I hate this level.......    HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE 
too laggy on mobile
The songs like chill future funk
SO LAGGY
Pass is 315264
im on mobile and im not laggy at all
The last ufo is absolute trash
The intro is too long, but the rest of the level is okay. I really like the christmas theme tho
Rob come to canada, we have maple syrup
Pass is 213293 ;)
inb4 a circlegmd comment along the lines of "All i want for christmas is the flame to be rated"
kung
The sleigh has been loaded.
GG! :)
yeeeeee
marry me, chris ler
Coin 3:miss the last yellow orb then tap, after that go down at 88%
T M S
merry chrysler
huh?
wow o3o
Yes! :D
nice
Merry Christmas, :GG:
Really Fun
Cool :D
GG!
ngl levels like this be ruinin christmas for me
Thanks so much for 10 creator points!
and this is how GD reaches 3000 rated demons :D
Gameplay and transitions are bad
ROB RATE FAKE A MIGHT
It's incredible how we just reached 3000 rated demons, congratulations!
oh my god this gameplay is horrendous
Too many blind spots and I cant tell where to go, bad gameplay a lil bit overdecorated style, nice.?
150 attempts GG! :) quite annoying gp tbh. 1 demon left for 1,5k gonna do supersonic or QfP :D
ULDM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
trash gameplay
I made some parts more consistent :)
Bad gameplay and transitions :v
how is this an easy demon??
GG! 55 attempts :)
srry my english is kinda bad lol
GG on being the #3,000 demon!
GG! :)
GG 76 Attempts
GP is sh*t, tons of bugs, inconsistent transitions. F*cking 497 atts for ez demon.
i litteraly love you all
i searched poo
pretty :3
who got bored and searched poo
Sorry that the first art piece looks weird. It was not actually intended to be a sqare.
Portal and jump orb design is cancer
like this comment if you looked up poo
I came looking for poo, and I found gold
This is just Good Vibes Man
like if you searched poo
searching poo
Like if you searched poo
when u search poo:
Who else searched up poo
the jump pads and stuff are barely visible 
i searched poo
ah searched "poo"
i actually searched poo and found this
GG 18,000 stars :D
Got 9% while my battery was on 9%. Can we get 9 likes pls?
i searched poo
Thanks for using my song :)
Thx to Weenside for this amazing collab. See you next year guy :)
Thx to Klafterno for this amazing collab. See you next year guy :)
not bad
nice ;)
227
Yeah thx RobTop :)
this is awesome!! good job! i like this level alot!
Thx to Klafterno and Weenside for this amazing collab. See you next year guy :)
GG
Merry christmas everyone :)
i love this music, amo esta musica
10k download thx :)
nice <3
cool music: >
Love is a sucker's game not worth the gamble.  I know it wasn't for me. I'll never find love again.
GG! :)
Amazing level, amazing music 
1 attemps
That was a amazing level, GG! ;)
last person to like gets the quarter i found on the floor
Shaggy deletes Top Comment so he can get Top Comment Dictatorship
Christmas was nice for me, I got a new phone, the last one was from 2 years ago!
alright can we just agree that flip phones are best..
Someone with CP: *exists*               Ranif: "I'm about to suck up to this man's whole career"
I am really good today Canroc, thanks for asking!
above is depressed
it's partly our fault for the 2.2 delay since we kept feeding rob with ideas overinflating the updat
My level in Daily!! :D
The fact that GD is 6 years old and 2.2 has taken 3 years, thats not good.
if youre gonna complain, you can go and make your own game and update it every week. good luck
Santa sees you when you're sleeping, touches kids and says "ho ho ho". Why do we trust this man?
Fix your transitions...
Rob should be hiring devolpers instead of working on an update by himself. 
4.4 when
I never had an Apple product, only Huawei and Samsung xD
I dont mind furries, but when they get into that "owo uwu" shit I wanna rip all of their fur off
Im doing good, my ear buds broke yesterday, and then an hour later i opened a present that had them
this furry icon will bring skitten back, bet
2.2 should have something so you can see who liked/dislikes ur comment.. but rip top comments :/
Nice :)
like if you came here from Nexus video
nvidia is better than radeon
I want a rtx 2080 TI =(
So this is what being inside area 51 feels like!
Didn't know NVIDIA is such a evil company
Let's get those amd fans!
Green Shapes And Beats
every acidnotation song lvl is this style...
hardest medium demon ever
like if you want a 3090
no way, a level with raytracing and photorealism?
like si quieres que guitar lo pruebe uwu xd
like if you like liking liked comments
Without the arrows, iam lost :(
70UNIKITTY, you are a good creator whit a lot of potential... so continue making beatiful levels!!!
Like This If You Have Geometry Dash
this level is very *ahem* green
i'm playing this on pc with amd radeon
does anyone else get inspired and then make a really good level but never finish that? i have
Quiero ser un gran ninja ):
esto se ve hermoso!! ^^ epico!!!
I feel like my icon works perfectly with this level
Buen trabajo, merece featured
creo que es el increible mundo de gumball o naruto 
I agree with below one.
1 attempt
Quien no quiere ser un gran ninja? :v
10 000  :)
Si quiero pero soy goldo :(
GG :DDDDD
Quieres ser un gran ninja? :o GG!
No, yo quiero ser hokage xD
gg 1 att Nice level
Cool, but please fix some of the transitions, it will elevate this level so much
Buena HeniXs <3
invis portals :/
Black and white sound
la cancion esta como para dormir
hard? 1 attempt
Relaxing and nice! :)
Lindo, me gusta
esta bonito :3
Very very respectful of you to unironically dedicate this to jesus of nazareth.
Imagine dying in a 3 star level
1 cp more for top 100 lol
You have always been one of those creators who is just really good at using glow. Well done!
Necesitas dos llaves para entrar     MISSION FAILED
Nice!
Nice
He dedicated to Jesus, never seen that. But that's cool of you man! ^^
free coin
Amazing :)
Lindo
GG! 17K STARS! TO FINISH 2019! (^0^)
why did this take me like 20 attempts
Gg ! pretty cool :)
Wow
wuen nivelV:
Agreguen bros
1 like -> 1 day earlier that 2.2 will come out
demon rates poggers
i wish i could like my own comment
Yes, epic
:)
My username :0
Buena Zafkiel
Who else got the first coin by accident?
Absolutely incredible! Demon #601
Awesome working. GG
G
GG! 18 attempts :)
that was fast
Stupid bug where ball or spider can "jump" and change gravity mid-air. Hopefully 2.2 fixes it? :(
GG! Some parts are a bit spam, but still fun :D
OMG!! I LOVE THIS LEVEL SO ENJOYING!! and lol fluke from 50 Lmaooo GG
GG EZ :)
I like the gameplay more than anything else :D
Good design, bad gameplay. And these dumb orb bugs need to be fixed in the 2.2 Update..
Nice i love your block style and the effects are very well done as the level says GG and GG indeed:)
everyone here before the vid drops is a real g
ice moment
can i get uhhhhhh 11th demon of crimas uhhhhhh
so cool! :3
only 15 hours what
GG! 70 attempts :)
it is here ! merry christmas or happy hanukkah or whatever the heck yall celebrate
Pass is 258025
Epic.
that tis epic
iceee
Please do not complain about free stars. if you want stars work hard for them
GG EVW :)
amazing job guys! :)
hooooooly crap... i just fluked from 10%...
by yakobnugget
i can hear evw now
gg evw
dang im early
I'm now permanently scarred
This is getting me in the mood for the holidays ngl :) <3
I was v i b i n g. 
secret way fixed :)
its christmas time ;)
Merry Christmas And Happy New Year! :D
merry christmas! happy new year:)
Merry Christmas whoever is reading this :)
gracias dano por jugarlo uwu
I want a cookie.
literally made me cry
The dual was my favorite.                                   I like duals
healing music
GG what a beautiful Christmas level, Merry Christmas, guys :)
bootiful :)
Merry Christmas ;)
lets keep the christ in christmas please
Really cool! Youre improved aswell!
GG!
Happy Chrismas :D
master pice
beginning was very promising but it got very lazy and empty fast :<
this beginning is annoying. skipping this level.
so buggy
what do you do at 10%? pleeeeeeeaaasseee tell meeeeeeee
I understand if a level is rushed, but some parts of the second half look like they have no effort
if im going to be honest, the begining gameplay is kinda annoying
move triggers abuse, skip
Impossible to sight read
impossible
Bad cube gameplay but everything else is cool
MORE ROB, MOOORE
i dont know what to do at 10%...
Love the design! But what's with the wave part? Just black and white? (No hate, just a question)
HOW DO YOU GET PAST 13%
Like this level very much.Love the music.
apparently took 1 attempt.
as you can see his description was abit rushed aswell
Amazing!
after 235 attempts: ''Attempt 1''
its actually my second attempt
69 likes and quick feature
Gracias por dejarme participar ;)
j
art feels really unclean and messy
If you owned  a horse/own a horse would you Ride til you cant no more or Ride whenever you want?
Pass:542679
AMAZING LEVEL
I'm gonna take my horse :D
im gonna take my cube to the old town road
No soy digno xD
Sandy Brawl Stars
Super cool :)
It is impossible to get this to top comment.
1 att?
Thanks for your support!!! <3
such wow such amaze
Not bad! =)
3 att :)
GG ! Very cool coins :)
1 attempt, epic level
Yo?
Creator points are like jokes, not everyone gets em.
I hope to do better- There are probably reasons some people dont like me. Hope that can change still
One thing I love about your levels is that they're all different yet all are good in their own way
8)
he will never make it
GG Rebeat again, I know Danzmen commented here after me but it was now gone
Imagine I say above is a homo sapien and the next comment is a mohammed bot. lol
Robtop needs to stop drinking bricks
Like for Like
Like for DankTheory elder mod
Very nice collab you two! I like the gameplay & chill atmosphere around this level~ Nice job 8)
@Dittoh, when are you going to stop flexing your icon
Fun fact: if you drink a full salt shaker instantly, you will die.
First on Daily. GG! :)
@dittoh, playing with balls is gay, im commit unfeinrd you
please dont do what person below says
hey girl, are you a piece of gum? causei always find you in the most disgusting places
Bro imagine if robtop added all the features for 2.2 but didnt even make the new levels yet xD
like if beastgirl needs to stop
dog poo
lol when u rate Jayuff's levels just because it's Jayuff
Like if youre waiting for Dog Poo
Cat Pee
wtf it's godlike for 1.5 hours
DanZmen: I have the weirdest level names. Jayuff:
Basic lvl
that's weird, the level is undrinkable
are you drug
Only Jayuff would make a level called Cat Pee and manage to get it rated
mmmm this is some quality cat pee! Who is your dealer?
good simple level.
this level bAd omgggggg jayiff never should make level nAme like tHis again!!!! omggggg
when you have nothing to name your level and you name it after the last thing you drank
95% of this is pulsing objects, that's a clever concept actually.
like or cat will pee in ur bed tonight
now knowing the meaning of this level is kinda sad :(
gg gayuff
Also I love how it reminds me of New Wicked Hue uwu
BeastGirl has lost opinion privileges.
Essa musica foi obra de um louco
rob falando portugues, essa foi de capotar o corsa neguinkkkkkkk
robtop comentou em potugues kkkkkk????
mano melhor comentario do Rob ate agora :D
EU NAO TAVA ESPERANDO ESSE COMENTARIO DO ROBERTAO KKKKKK
musica brasileira???
Ye ye Skrr skrr
vose fuma cingaro?
caraca tem mt br aqui kkkk vlw galera <3
pass is 123456
Todos o BR felizao! kkkk Robtop falando portuques
Rob be like: :confusion:
aprendemos 2 coisas hoje: 1 - tem um flinq no meu flo, 2 - segundo o RobTop, o Digex e louco
GG team brazilian SRK SRK
Nice lvl bro
Carai mano, tds os BR tem mais de 50 demon, sou um bostakkkk
joguei esse jogo por 4 anos so pra ver o robtop falar em portugues
Nem fudendo que fizeram um level com essa musica pqp kkkkkkkk tu e um mito mlk
MINHA NOSSA ROBTOP FALANDO EM PORTUGUES INCRIVEL :D
o Rob falando portugues... Um pequeno passo para o homem, mas um grande passo para a humanidade kkk
I think this is the first time I am online when my level is rated lol
Nantastic :D
POGGGGGGGGG
:o
With the purchase of Geometry Dash you also receive a Game Engine and some stand-alone games.
Wow. That's really cool!
Who else is from Partition?
well i got the coin,,,,
GG to @TheSac9009 for being the first to complete the ARG!
Rob comment?
gg man :)
bad coin
you ge tthe coin by spamming at the start and when the code thing pops up put in 74820 as the code
This man even went so far to put tracks in the snow... great stuff!
this is actually a great remake, great job!
Like if here from Partition
Interesting.. :)
Damn awesome, sadly the lag intensifies more as you are more into the level
good
LOL
I hope an epic rating for this amazing level!
ta gfueile jesprere c'est pas rafte
GG! 100 attempts :)
insane demon
the first cube 3 orb spam parts are quite inconsistent an annoying, otherwise really cool level. :)
Go to Zeph's discord server for a lot of gaming
Very nice!
gameplay makes me want to kill myself
i cant express how cancer is the beggining of this level darn
anyone else got the slope bug at 6%?
A3Marbl
GG ;) 189 Attempts ;) Another super cool and fun one ;)
!
367 attempts gg. why not an insane demon?
Why not insane demon????
Bug
one of the best insane demons
you sometimes need to get some anger out of youre head  (below me)
deff an insane demon. first cube span makes it realllllly hard to pass the rest of the level
GG! :)
A Nando Claus le gusta esto :D
Hey I know this song 8) epic christmas level :)
like if ur name isnt scrooge
Merry Christmas!
merry christrmas! 
Happy christler to you to sir :)
10K downloads in just 2 days omfg
merry christmas and jingle balls all da way
epic...
I love Christmas time <3
if u dislike u die
ROBTOB: hmmm, very cool... rate...   The people: WHERES THE EPIC?!?!?!?!
merry christmas!! :)
GG! All coins :)
Gg. Merry christmas! :)
Merry christmas
finally a christmas level
good work
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!
Merry Christmas Everyone! :D
1 like=1 day less for 2.2! Also, pass is the day of GD 2.1 awards (results). :)
monotonous boss pattern, but not bad
too much glow.
IN LESS THAN A DAY!!!! THANK YOU ALL AGAIN!!! :D
this level is hard
i just pushed 8-bit to rank 25 today :o
I think Robtop tried to make a joke and put 7 stars to get close to 8 BIT.
no veo nada pero a la vez lo veo todo (shakespire) XD
Ok, im gonna work on an ULDM, dont worry :)
GG
aaaaahahahahahaha que epico, de las mejores decoraciones que haya visto :D
AYEEEEE!
el bossfight esta kawai UwU
8 bit: I AM SPEEEEEEEEED
gg bravl stars 
when i first saw this my question was: is that 8-bit from brawl stars
VERY COOL like if you love Brawl Stars
BRAWL STARS?
Player 1 get ready...
8 bit brawl stars xdxd
Simple :)
featured but not epic
Not only on paper cutting,but also amazing on creating levels!
oh yeah sure, thx :3
vibrant af
Nice design! U R so creative!!  :D
i found a secret way on acident...
ahhhhh
Nice
secret way from the robot part to end
there is a secret way in the robot part lmao
Ow i Cuted My Finger!
sadly i found a secret way
Session :__)
The thing I don't like about modern lvls is they tend to not have spikes for guidance. Took 101 att.
Nice level! But fix the 144 hz bugs!
poor dude he died at 96%
such a cute level, i love it
I love this :)
My #1 level
suffers from the usual megacollab syndrome, but still ok
hi
death effect is horrible
autistic death effect...
Ok look idk what I was on when I made the death effect, please don't harass me ;-;
rob unrate and delete time shaper
why isnt this featured
jeez you pump out levels so fast :o
secret way in 60%
OOF
fun > cp
because we suck? yeah we know
last part brought down the rest.
It is difficult to see the route in some parts, but in general it is not bad at all ;)
gameplay could be better
no
Neat level. I like the art before the drop :)
Very good MC.But this is atleast 8*
buggy trash
Add LDM Please
Awesome level, GG :)
HOW
this along with 3 extreme demons (Renevant, calculator core, cognition) were rated at the same time.
If you're having problems with the level, like ldm or gp bug, dm me in discord > Helpegasus#5664
Pass is 181219!
for sure this will get an epic
the LazerBlitz style is still alive?
AWESOME
NEW PASS: 518233
Whos here before feature?
FINALLY LETS GOOOO
Awesome level! It's really cool to see that people still does LazerBlitz style!
gg, its insane demon.
1 like = 1 thank to RobTop for such a great game :)
iNsAnE dEmOn
hard demon????? Is this true???
this should be insane
Serponge is bad dislike if you agree
like if kim jon un was a mistake
Hehe
I hope whoever reads this has a Merry Christmas and a happy new year!
transitions could be better
Gameplay is pretty awful
gg featured! ^^
oh hey i seen that one on a few request streams! GG on the feature!
how is this only 4*?
Some transitions are buggy but overall this is a great level with detailed art :)
*confused screams*
i keep thinking those spikes are arrows dammit!
udlm soon I guess
its cold at my place rn and im warm after playing
I am the 1000 like!
love it so much
gg 16 attempts 1 coin
nice!
Very good detail and bg. I  wish you the best with  creating
nice)))
i love you <3
I love the icy slide effects! :D <3
esta bien perron men <3 
Stop disliking my comments... Son let me be first...
Great level, definitely epic feature.
easiest 7* ever
I like that you can interact with the round objects. A little more variation and more parts please!
a bit ironic that SonOfCthulu has more cp than Cthulu :eyes:
1 att, lol, why 7 star?
"remove glow" *removes entire level*
is it just me or was that very easy for 7*?
Dont equip ldm for free speedhack in ship part
Neat level, but not Epic cuz its just a play off of SamMaxxs style. White pulses seem extensive too.
cool
Lonely ...
Wow, cool level
kirra is from Death note
first try lol nice lvl btw :)
Remember what?
Wooo! my name is kaira .w..    i think that this lvl had my name lol
Beautiful =)
No I dont want to get a new ipad today
gg free
terrible gameplay
Dude my crush just gave me the friend of the year award smh
The level can be improved by making the design less distracting. Gameplay is too vague, almost blind
that coin went away just as quick as my dad
how is this hard??? needs a higher rating.
h o w  i s  t h i s  e a s y . . .
lol how is this only 5*?
yea gameplay is pretty bad tbh
Uh.. this is kinda wack
How is this a 5 star?!
Good level:)
This deserves 8 or 9 stars not 5.
gameplay is so annoying
I don't understand why this is rated epic
The person below me have more stars than you
Terrible, GG! :)
i sMelL dAilYyyS
how is this 5 star
This level deserves Harder 7* 
gameplay needs some work I guess.. good job on using blue tho:)
Impressive, I enjoyed a lot the second half of the level!
Really cool! I think this has a chance of getting epic.
this song was the last song i shared with my grandma. thank you for this wonderful level :)
1st coin: hold right when level starts. 2nd coin: 27%. 3rd coin: 64%
Who else couldnt find a single coin?
great job son! you are sure to get an A+ in GMD editor class!
Next level will be epic worthy, Hopefully. 
needs to be next daily
not bad
281
Awesome! :)
the password to copy is   123456
but this one deserves epic... the gameplay is amazing af n deco is just hot.
no i wont stay with you.
Lol
637374
OMG HES FLY HACKING MOM CALL THE FBI!!1!1!1!1!!1
I agree with Ellip! Nice job fuse!
GG  Epic!!!
coin1 hold;coin2 find the low opacity orb at the first ball;coin3 tap at the 2nd ball part n findcoi
how       how tf do you literally recreate a whole game inside another game
sick!! hope this gets featured :D 
Like If You Forgot If You were playing gd?i did
sorry for the lag everyone :/
thanks so much for epic rating rob!!
You must be a winner in GD Awards
Very nice pixels animation :)
Didn't you make a similar part in Nantendo?
Definitely the best Mario remake in the game!
let's all face it. We all chose luigi...
like this comment to get all the things you want this christmas
if this comment reaches 10 likes i wont exist anymore 
this but with platformer mode in 2.2 and the entire game
watch out! nintendo might try to copyright claim this level too...
best level in the game it just makes me relive my childhood love it
this is awesome
I randomly died when I touched the door at 55?
these GD minigames these days are so WOW
Like if u died by the Thwomp
Like If You Like Mario and Luigi =)
omg
Remember to always test your levels
lol if you jump onto the first dash orb and keep on holding you can skip over half of the level
Secret way is now patched
everyone is dying at 69%. Could this mean something.....?
And before hitting the ceiling with the orb you can drop down and go into a secret way to the end
The ball part doesn't even have ground spikes... also it's super underdecorated. Why feature ;/
why do ppl hate this... this is a work of art 
damn why was this emotional?? the music is so good
Nice crash
dedicated to ZtratoZ
Es hermoso GG :)
285
Probably one of my favorite lvl!!! Great work  :)
harder than 4*
I have no words for how beautiful this level is. Great song choice! :)
Perfect level.
:eyes:
nope not rateworthy
Hold jump orb until screen almost kill you then fall through the spider section and GG.
boop not boob, oh cMOn
I want to punch whoever thought 4%-6% was fine. 
Really nice :D
51% - not a bug, i tried so many times but yea i could fix it.
very well done but the portals and orbs are confusing
When a midget does a backflip and falls in water be like:
Very awesome executed work! i remember ur making a song called "Affinity".
what who where when why how ok
so this christmas break ill make more levels before 2.2 cuzynot
Cool :)
lol sanaoll
Changeable :OOOO    GGGGGGGGG LOL
GG DJ on Epic! Good level
@Kawaii That's fine lol, I reached 50k stars btw :)
Im not sure how I feel about this being epic. It looks like ageneric modern/glowdern level...
level is boop, your name is djslime. laughs in slime rancher
I don't really like the custom portals, orbs and pads. Also, there's alot of appearing gameplay.
GG! 38.5k stars :)
and i oop
this is a reply
Dedicated to all who supported me during this update! <3
nice!
1ra coin dejate caer en el 4% para agarrar la llave. 2da coin agarrar 3 corazones del 90% al 93%
Amazing level :)
pass is 123510
Cool atmosphere, but needs more air deco imo. Good level tho :)
You have a certain style that I really like
neat!
Awesome deco :] GG
amazing job! :^)
*when you jump because you might've missed a coin*
extrim demon XD
cool im first
The deco and the amazing song choice literally forces me to like this
gg
2 attempts, fun :)
bug
como vergas pase el weiv }:
Coin 1: trigger at 4% (bottom) Coin 2: keys at 91% (bottom) 92% (top) and 93% (bottom)
100% Un nivel muy hermoso y triste
if this comment gets 1k likes, my dad will buy me everything i need to build a pc for gd!!!
OMG ROB THANK U SO MUCH
FIRST CP BOIII
294
My 30,000th star! Im so happy now. Thank you all for support :)
hey Rob, how u doin' today? :D
of course i die at 69% first try
i was searching this music for years... thx u <3
Someone likes cheese
im sendign to mods
Oh shoot just realized i made a typo in the title XD Its supposed to be Sugarsnap
Future Featured!! 10/10!! :v
this is good :0
GG 15.000 STARS! :D
6500 stars! all colors unlocked :D
PASSWORD ES UNO DOS TRES CUATRO CINCO SEIS
gg! nice lvl.
in Indonesia, "Surga"(no r) means Heaven 
this is really cool level
Fun level!
Anybody who says nah: i h a v e a c h i e v e d c o m e d y
pass is 142527
GG! 47 attempts :)
Fluked from 40 to 60 which seems bad but the ship until 50 is harder than Lit Fuse.
The ship is 100x harder than the rest of the level.
do people genuinely think this is hard demon or is it just there havent been enough ratings yet
The UFO is so luck-based jashdjhasjhajhd
112 attempts. #1397
GG! :) 105 Attempts!
196 attempts GG! :) pretty fun 
gg 529 attempts. The gameplay is pretty unbalanced (ship) and the ufo is a bit buggy otherwise great
GG 99 attempts! :D
YAY
tight ship lol
I was STUPIDLY unlucky at the ball lol and the ship was borderline Insane Demon (or a little ez'er)
GG 85 Attempts
358 + 126 = 484 attempts GG! Super buggy at the ball and UFO but I got lucky at the end!
GG, One of the hardest medium demons ive played
finally done on mobile
GG on mobile, 94 att :)
If you like this, you will find a random $25 for 25 days of Christmas! 8)
serponge is bad dislike if you agree
epig
top comment and ill put a fork into an elctrical socket
Servers were actin kinda funky this morning
when 2.2 comes out rob deserves a long break. pressure for 2.3 instantly is just selfish tbh.
i'm not a furr
rap god syncs with ouroboros
N word is Nice      get it? ._.
Top comment and I will steal $50 from my own wallet.
dislikebot this coment or ur gay
Pass is 123789. Copy to know where's the coin lmao ;3
Why just one level :sad
still shocked from the daily not being 2 hours late
@Cesa, maybe it's a bug. Have you tried deleting all your data and GD and destroying your device?
me in 3rd grade when my name is in the math problem:
)/ hey all that said hi :)
Its amazing how talented daily chatters are in these days
i think 2.2 will come out late jan/early feb myself tbh
the server maintenance was probably security improvements
Peru <3
Orgullo peruano
Peruvian Moment
momento causa
Buen trabajo. Un gusto haber colaborado contigo! 8)
Te amo Peru   ......Agregenme plis..XD
quien diga cosas malas de peru despues no digan que dicen cosas malas de su pais
Que genial ser peruano y encontrar un nivel llamado asi :')
Si eres del callao dale Like
Really nice.  There should be a Peruvian gauntlet with levels like this one and Somewhere in Peru
dedicada a las palomas
yo soy de peru ,lima,puente piedra
solo vengo a decir que el sistema judicial peruano no funciona, lamentable
PeruGod: Top 1 de las mejores gastronomias mas queridas en latinoamerica y en otros continentes mas
Really cool! 
orgullo peruano
hecho por manos peruanas.
Viva el Peru carajo! :v
Aunque las cosas estan dificiles, siempre Peru fue unos de los paises mas asombrosos del mundo :'D
Aqui pe jugando mi madagascar gaaaaa xD
Abdula's part is very nice part :)
bugged on 240hz, dogshit gameplay and really bad transitions.
i like this, pls fix bugs :) but anyway is cool
Gameplay
Very unfun
GG 20k stars! I finally did it! Dedicated to all my friends for supporting me! :)
Is it a trend to make ultra-cluttered, half auto buggy gameplay? Because it's absolute trash
yeah Ive been trying to pass this for like 50 attempts in practice mode and I cant 85% is buggy
._.XD
Nice
que rico
Awesome! <3
Very nice!
Muy bueno
good
gg 4 attempts
lol
Descent gameplay and good design
gg ez
Nice
Excellent execution - Great work! 'w')/
check your jump count, its insane
mobility played on mobile
What?!?!?! I didnt touch anything!!!
Note for anybody who doesn't know- you're supposed to disable the progress bar to see the timer
This is actually really difficult for 5 stars.... 
Turns out it's not a glitch, you just have to reach the end of the level in time.
When you turn your shower down 0.00001 inches:   Welcome to the Himalayas!
Speedrun
Sad summer,Happy winter?
wait, how do u jump
on mobile u can just hold down with your finger
like if you think i suck at this game
There is a time bar and a finish line
how to get jump achievements: This level
gg ^^
Who Died 97% - Like!
wtd this part???
art is great. but gameplay is boring
mmmmmm :(
GG nice design but some of the transitions need more im provement but keep up the good work
why
804521
!:)
Time in 2.2 ! Go, 2.2 it's in 10 days ! We will have 30% more chance to have a featured level .
._.
btw i love creo's music
GG! 1 attempt
Nope.Nice try '':) spike''!
cool desing!:)
i love this theme
Nice, free coins basically, won't get silvered I think
A time, okay then...
the last spike tho
GG, 14300 stars :)
;-;
Wow tu nivel es epic:V
@changeable I agree
i love this level. completed over 30 times
This was fun :)
I'm gonna think about this level when I kill a pinky in Terraria now, thanks. very cool.
DanZmeN: I have the weirdest level names            LP44: The Pinky Blood
Easiest 4 stars Ever lol
OMG this song is nostalgic!!! :)
it's got some cool parts but could link together better with a theme
playing at legit 10 fps
Person: *has a cut on their finger* This mad lad: imma make a level off of that
65535 stars, old star limit poggers
Unplayable on mobile even with LDM
enter the city
A level I can play on full detail no way.
cool level! 4999 stars :0
Laggy On Mobile
I came for blood. I leave dissatisfied and still thirsty.
I like this a lot!
I agree with the stars requested. This should be 2*, maybe 3.
My blood is pink...
nostalgic song
gg first att
gg cool level
whoever likes this will be famous soon
bruh you really dont want me to go huh
Hey nerds
Five Nights at RobTop's. Don't go into the bedroom or else you'll meet another character
da green look da same?
"Today we're gonna do something" the floor is made out of floor
This game is honestly like, 16+ ngl
Red text would be like a realistic Minecraft texture pack. They don't match up.
calliou didn't get cancer, he was given cancer because hes such a little shit
Being Torsitas friend is harder than beating a hard demon
Don't likebeg, or else Sharkarie will leave
I will die alone bc I ugly and short af
*complains about having to memorize pad colours*    *wants new gamemodes*
1 Like = Save Turtles
get this to 69 before I get off the couch in the next morning
How the hec this got epic? its empty and rushed. It doesn't deserve epic
._.
who else watched Wow Wow Wubbzy
sorry, dude, but this is you bad level
gtg bye guys I have exams tomorrow ;(
Good level, but the song is scary haha
thank you robert topala games
Featured :D gg friend :)
yes this is the michael jackson level
level
tbh this song could be used in horror movies to make a great effect
Pretty cool :)
this is cool
yall mad dumb if you dont like the song then mute the game lmao
rip song :sob:
311
damn that song is nice
GG! 2 coins
michael jackson dies
aaaand this is already my most played level
oh my god this already has 10k!!!!
sorry to all who the music scared lmao
unnas annus
love the song!!!!
ill say one thing, the level is fits so well with the song, i love this
Really cool!
robtop needs to rate more levels
I only liked the 59% part, the others don't fit the level :/
There are parts that are not very good and others that are epic, clearly somewhat unbalanced 
Pretty good, kinda weird gameplay though
Nice!
cool 
ok
some parts could be better, but nice level
Not bad
hot
amazing
:v
I LIKE THIS LEVEL AND SONG
Coins: keys at 10% and 17% coin at 44%, 82% and 98% your welcome :)
epic
Gameplay is not that bad GG
Wow! @.@
The droP is EpiC!
epiiiiiiic
Awesome collab! Really original parts in this one~
i was gonna kick you anyways, your design wasnt good at the time
Fantastic Collab! Hope It Geg Featured Soon! :3
NOIIIIICE
yeyeyeyeyeyeysssss
lets goooooooo!
Damn Sedgehog is good at art
this is sicko
Very good 
you've improved on colors dep
Pretty awesome for your first megacollab :o
O h shit, hopefully my friends can get some more cp ngl
very nice gameplay!  other creators should take example from this!  GG! :)
tfw this is actually fun
I think this level should be 7 stars because a few parts where realy hard to side read
Good job everyone!
GG! :)
can you make the decorations not look like spikes
Cool
GG! :)
Servers up again. Account registration temporarily disabled though.
the creator of minecraft and the creator of gd live in the same country
all i want for chrismas is my 2.2
hi mbed subwoofer and cirtrax
Daily :O Thanks Rob!!
>insert joke that will get me a lot of likes here<
This is actually a really high quality level, it could get Epic.
pretty cool :)
Are you kidding me somebody dislike all the comments again XD Every time lol
i cant decide what game to play tonight i have too many tbh
All I want for christmas                          is an exploding pool noodle
me and Pan are really good friends and have even met up irl. He is just joking lol
Shrek and yoda skin colour are same
Very colorful and nice, sent!!
Im gay
Roses are red, Lapis is blue, (insert unfunny joke about 2.2)
Stop talking about Loserchik in such a way please
Gay pride level
rob should unrate summer seasons entirely
The fact that Galaxx is making these comments so fast makes me think maybe they arent orginal...
Beautiful work, I'm excited to see you finally finish something. Beyond S tier work, Nem.
Really nice art and design combo, an amazing level overall!
the game
Nem you're EPIC
finally da nemphis solo
This lovely level got what it well deserved <3
I love this level so much! Amazing job, your style is something very special!
Yes yes yes yes
Oh look, another level that abuses blind transitions to add "difficulty"
oh my YES 
A daily has been chosen
sweet
I didin't know you released this! :0
proud of u bemphis
yo why am i holding a blunt at the last part
Awesome Level, but could use some work on transitions. Good job tho :)
Good work :)
Very inspirational!
Really really awesome level, fantastic work buddy
thank you guys so much ;0
:)
10k stars finnaly!!!! I completed the game!!! All icons unblocked :)
Thx all <3
1 attemtp lol, but Amazing 1.9 Remake level :)
OH WOW!!!
azi ez
Not bad!
very clean level
Ojala hubiera mas niveles asi ;)
so 1.9, so simple, so perfect.
clean
veriplex?xD
gg bro
GG Que bonito nivel, nose porque pero me hace acordar a electrodinamix
oddly refreshing
amazing!
Old school lvls are the best. Change my mind...
7att gg:)
busque plech :V
GG
i want this comment below danzmens
I like this gameplay! :D
has anybody else noticed that harder levels get harder and harder as time goes on
one time i said frick and my mum made me read half the bible 
im going to mcdonalds, who wants something?
you will marry your crush if you like this comment :))):):)):):::):):):))):):):)
I was the only boy in a party once. One girl wanted to make me "uninnocent"
-1 dislikes is technically 1 like
man and girl= boyfriend and girlfriend. man and man=SrGuillesterrrrrr.
great, i have been unnoticed
viprin more like virgin
Finland: *is happiest country in the world*       circle: *depression noises*    Finland:
Instead of banning swear words from comments rob should make it an option you can turn on and off
You can't ship me! I don't have a boating license!
i have an idea: everyone doesn't spam and tells actual jokes instead of spamming. fun, right!
dorami lost elder mor
thumbs up for all android players woot woot 
I make like 5 typos a comment but every time Torsita makes a typo I feel like I need to point it out
Everybody gangsta until the bill nye the science guy video is age restricted
who wants to be my son? :):):)
This is epic
like if ur middle name starts with the letter triangle
I'm crying
If this comment gets 10 likes ill eat my math book
GG Nivel Sensacional! Parabens Ghost!
Like if you aRe before featured
uhhhhh the dual just doesn't work. can't even pass 77 because of a bug
amor proprio e coisa de gay, pois se voce e um homem, e se ama, voce ama um homem, entao voce e gay
lovely
he released the braba.
why have two red orbs when one of them wont send you far enough
incrivel mano parabens, gostaria muito de uma collab kkkk
dope! thanks for using my music :)
everything here was perfect until the 70% duals, uh.
this took me 266 att...
worst difficulty rating ever seen
~ All I want for Christmas is 2.2 ~
An easy demon will take me 500-1000 attempts. So this should be ~400, right? No. 2302 attempts.
epic merecido. :3 <3
8* but yes. : p
"when you travel, you are trying to get somewhere" hmm yes the floor here is made of floor
if you wanna know who made the awful gameplay, you can thank this guy right here writing this commen
goes to all hell around 45%
yay dislike botted
Really cool lvl Simone :) (I think that this collab was almost dead) Simone's 4cp when? 
Wow, really unexpected! thanks rob!
stupid dislike bots!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
really generic
why dislikes? this is so good
decent deco, horrid gameplay
ok holy moly y so many comments lmao, thanks everyone, especially ondys and Nitro :)
dislike bot... but it is cool level....
why dislikes?
this transition is so bad
bad level, deserves dislikes
why does this have dislikes?
GG! 111k stars =)
I still wanna congratulate you though for winning the cp race against me. GG's =)
This is what I call trash.
like if on magic
rob said in the gd server he will do demons later :mabbog:
like if you want an auto gauntlet
You can blackmail but you can't whitemail. That's racist tbh
let's spam pewdiepie's reddit to play gd
Congrats on daily! :D
Nice :)
1.9: MAKE NEW WAVES PLS         2.0: k these are cool    2.1:  default wave gang
2.2 is coming, so is the end of CircleGMD's career.
I neeeeeed ideas for doctorjazz surgery episode 5
roblox be like: ########### #### ##########
Like if you are not a hacker
You know what's more rare than ebola...  funnygame commenting
the ak-47 is my favorite musical instrument
all these people asking if you put the milk or cereal in first but i put the bowl in first
Multen left, making him smarter than anyone else here
electrodynamix is the best main level you cant convince me otherwise
Ant007, you can find news on GD official discord server!
Hyper, do not worry! I already take care of the situation :)
Itsfromage, the servers were down for maintenance but now they are fine :)
this is how i enter the daily chat, WASSUP F***ERS
what the hell...literally
"Whoever made this needs mental help"           -My Mom
like for Serponge, dislike for Mohammed J'akalem, and ignore if you hate Serponge.
lol i was technically first
When nightmares become dreams come true <3
Red flash @_@
I see you are getting into the holiday spirit.
I showed this to an epileptic friend and now he's doing a funny dance on the floor          oh wait
Remember when Serponge was bad at making levels? Yeah, me neither.
Masterpiece.
only epic man.
so scary i peed
lOl iF tHiS wAsN't AuTo It WoUlD bE dEmOn 
there's literally nothing NSFW in it
Don't play this level if you have epilepsy.
like if you are mobile player
F hell 2.0
remember kids, be good or youll end up here
God would like to; check your vibe. [Accept] [Decline]
lIkE iF yOu WeRe HeRe BeFoRe FeAtUrE!
decent. nothing more, nothing less, just... decent
like for 10 free cp
Thanks robtop :)
The first part...Purple. Lovely.
How to make an original name: split the song name into 2 words
Ele     Vator
pass 172000. My like?
Love the song. HATE the way you fade at so many crucial moments
It honestly felt short for a long level
amazing level!
Looooove the theme!
interesting level, good looks. cant judge sync haha, the song is replaced for Esencia
I like the Vaporwave deco
I still have the Esencia song over this lol
dislike my most recent post on my account...    :p
GOOD
21,000 stars mMmMMMmM
gg
341
damn bro nice level
I see you've tried your best.
Dude,you have a very good level.I disliked on accident.Plz forgive me.:0
this is like 90% easy demon + 10% hard demon
pass is 412645 :) Goo
really inconsistent difficulty
Gg bois :] Some ship part are unbalanced but overall not bad. Not sure about epic rating tho
I have never seen worse optimization
Hey, can you add a ldm cauz the 2nd part is unplayable, nice level tbh
why am I getting lag on THIS?
Difficulty is as inconsistent as RobTop's updates :/
this is not epic lmaooooooo
50 likes and i wilm delete fortnite
ive never seen a more unbalanced level in my life... rob.. please take this off weekly
Tell Alkali
47% wave and 88% ship are way too hard for medium demon.
awful level
I BEAT IT ON A COPY NOOOOOO
113 attempts
Everybody complaining about the hard demon rating, all demons are rated hard by default
Pass Is 412645 Like Plz :D
Thank u for using my song :]  cool level!
EPIC
omg
Bad transitions, especially at the dual part
Really good deco, sync is good, deco is amazing, feature and epic worthy
This is so beautiful
Wow a great level ;) 
nice gameplay!
Oh hes rating magic levels??? *cough* puzzling *cough*
But nice level btw. 
Nice dec :D
GG Amazing :3
DIGEXXX
rate 6 stars
THIS DESERVES A FEATURE, OWO YOU DID IT GREAT X)
greatt
How to get featured. Step 1: Your level has to be in magic
Cool!
cool but laggy af on mobile (even with uldm)
Really nice level, great job! :D
Good thing the city never sleeps.
YESSSS
GG! Legit one of my favorite levels to come out this year, proud of you man!
gg
The only life.
by popular demand, ive added an option to toggle off the death effect
awesome
like extreme dislike insane demon
great level !!
1273
What an epic level, nice job guys! :)
hey para beat glide now thanks
Extreme Demon
GGGGGGGGG
GG! 1,070 attempts, this took way too long for basically no reason but done on stream :)
This feels like the hardest insane demon i have ever played. Why do people say it is a medium demon?
!rate demon
i know im going to start a war, but this is harder than leyak.
added uldm
cool level, wish it had a good replacement song
gameplay is pretty bad
Fantastic work Alesito! :D Maybe you should add a better LDM because it lags a bit is some devices!
Good design. Cancer gameplay.
i could give you a thousand reasons why this shouldnt be 4 stars
Really good level :D but if i were you I wold work on better gammaplay :p
cool effects but bad gameplay and it should be 5 or 6 star
i guess that this level has a bad gameplay
Amazing! :0
nice visuals but the gameplay is annoying
im literally getting temperature warnings for my phone from this lvl
Decoration - spot on. Gameplay - toxic.
buggy, bad sync, awkward gameplay.
Wow lag
i like the music but i dislike the gameplay
1 year and the gameplay is still shit
Nice!
confusing
Oh this is a laggy one even in LDM. Also the gameplay sux.
cool but kinda buggy
Good efects, bad gameplay and poor LDM.
I died at my own gameplay lmao
Amazing!!
Amazing job! Nailed the theme :) | Thanks for the dedication <3
A level for ME?!
WOW, just a couple days? Thanks rob!
Thanks for the feature, Rob! Painting and I really appreciate it. <3
Nice
like for Featured :)
very nice! thx for dedi :))
Well designed and fun gameplay :O
And Ditto
could have been better executed imo. not bad, but it just seemed like a blue design level with snow
144Hz bug?????
Eh, I see what you mean, first themed levels are never easy :p
looks so clean, i love this <3
orb
cppcpcpcpcpcp pcpcpcpcpcpcpcppcpcp  pcpcpcp pp   pccppcp pcpcp pcpcp p pcpcpcpccp pcccccppcpcpcpcpcp
It just started snowing in my town :)
Thanks Royal!
Not bad. The black orb at around 30% is kind of uneccesary though. Ill get to work on our collab :)
like if ur a proud virgin
When 2.2 comes out everyones gonna be demanding 2.3
Love you honey
circle, stop mentioning the flame, and everyone else too. 
like if you always think that 2.2 will come out tomorow
Greg Heffleys head became a non-perfect circle, the cause? V A P I N G
Can we please stop this conversation? Its past the point of annoyance at this point.
DONT LIKE otherwise nothing will happen
trees keep us alive. so lets keep them alive. donate now
hyperflame was the worst person you could give elder to, rob, why did you do it
stop all talk about the flame please, its annoying now. 
like this comment if you died getting the last coin
2.2 iS C0MinG ToM0RrOW!!!   LiKE iF y0U DiSaGrEE!!!
Just because one level doesn't get you CP doesn't mean you should stop trying. Keep trying
Besides, your level wasn't rated for a reason. Threatening your prescence over it does nothing.
Rub needs to put in a dog icon
Did circle just get comment banned?
Sup bros
Me: *Takes off my glasses for a minute*       My classmates: YoU lOoK sO wEiRd!!
like if you have a friend
RubRub rolls the dice. 3. We do more rates. I obey the dice
only deco has effort. gameplay is bad tbh
pass is 34927, like so others can see
i understand this is your first demon, but the gameplay is atrocious
dice be like
yuh
Bad gameplay, buggy, and just annoying in general. Only OK thing about this level is the deco.
roll the dice to see when you should update the game
2.2 revolution ,this level will be legendary in 2.2 ! So, in 2 weeks !
Some of these platforms are confusing when it comes to landing especially in the beginning
But please fix the low detail in Dangerkat part.
Like For 2.2
Your first demon level, okay. But you really need to improve the gamplay; cause this is terrible
this gameplay is so confusing
Why does rub keep putting the worst demons as weekly
the gameplay is ouch
Weird and buggy gameplay
wtf is this gameplay?
Pretty bad level. But I love the first 4 parts very much! :)
Thank you for the epic Rob!! I'm very happy :)
Such a unique style, very epic
definitely one of my favorite easy levels of this update, amazing job
I actually have no words to describe this beautiful masterpiece...your color mixture is hot af! <3
Great!
Thank you so much for this incredible dedication! ^.^)/
The gameplay is so perfect. Literaly:M a s t e r p i e c e
To get the coin, touch all the flowers in the second part, then jump after sinking into the ground
absolute hot
Superb. No words to describe this masterpiece.
A m b u - Best Normal Level in December? What do you think?
Soft~
very impressive, I love it <3
This will easily get Epic. Your use of colors and effects is outstanding. Well done.
donde esta la moneda?
where is da coin?!?!?
100k :)
The coin is at 20% you have to touch all flowers
1 like = 1 day no school
Sorry for the inconvenience, Rosen Grove was removed and the level now uses a replacement song.
oh my-
nice!
Why did you do this...
happy birthday bro!
this style was executed poorly in this level and looked really messy
that's just stupid
Pretty nice modernistic level, you rarely see levels you can die at 99% on that aren't demon! :)
nicenicenicenice
ok
gameplay aint great
Coins: 9-10%, 40% and 56%.
8)
generic modern level #3818294949
the gameplay is practically invisible
ok
Just needs some effects for a beatutiful level. Good work!
wow, if you added effects to this style you could get epic.
really annoying gameplay and the level as a whole is poorly executed and very static. neat tho
great gameplay, cool deco mostly besides a few places which make the gameplay too hard to see
Great effect
UwU
why is it called Violence? The song is obviously saying "violins" smh
Pretty average level, Id work on your block design. The outro is also way too long imo
The vocals on this song sound like a dying racoon
Hope you all enjoyed this! I tried my best to make it as good as possible with my limited time, lol
Decent lvl but the guys voice is terrible. why is he f*cking screaming, thats literally what it soun
how did you make something this good in one day, imo its ur best works :flushed:
3 coins gg!!!!
8000th downloader :)
Holy sh** this is good.
the end is best part
899th like :(
I find the vocals in this song hilarious cause they're WAY too loud compared to the instrumentation
when you die purposly at 1% just to make some dumb funny comment
GG
359
wubwubwubwub
Nice level :)
I like all the deco but it's pretty boring. The man screaming at me in the level made me cri ;c
Epic! :)
HI
HOLY SHIT WHAAAAAAT THIS IS INCREDIBLE
Depressive..? Or Impressive.
Pass : 191102 :v
cognition and renevant? you rated kenos already :)
Nice, can really see the effort that went into this. Reminds me a bit of Twisted Tranquility :)
this is fairly easy for a hard demon
wow this was so fun GG :^)
sorry. i cant nerf the spam because i cant reverify :((
GG! 40 attempts :)
MOT CAC HONG, HAI CAC VUI :)))))
colorful level     name: depressive
GG!! At First I thought I would have a hard time with it but I didnt have too much trouble! :)
lol
gameplay bu cac
how i am now
rush hour by knots ahdhhdhehdhe
WOW I just somehow fluked this from 0% :D GG! Awesome demon.
GG! :) 123 Attempts! Fun level!
1400 demons!!
GG nice level
Really cool minigame! I appreciate how much effort went into the pixel art
i like the thwomp
yeah yeah the name is cut bc the game has a text limit and I didn't notice until after I uploaded it
good level
Im literally being blinded by the amount of cp ufos im seeing rn
Awesome
very buggy and awkward controls, horrible hitboxes and this garbage minigame very buggy in practice
absolutely garbage minigame, I really hate this shit, 0/10 obviously
woah
Also I wonder if there's a way for Rob to fix the title to say 'Treading for Treasure'
A little tricky on mobile but I have mastered the controls
XL levels, pog
gg on the rate but that name iskinda bad
NO!
lol
lol I finished with too much time
This is cool
xd free orbs I just sat there
237452387235498235927365482734 bugs ;-;
ah dang, epic streak broken on dis amazing level. Amazing pixel art! :D
gonna upload this lets gooo
beat this level on a calculator
robtop, rate this or im gonna force you to figure  out what 2.1 + 0.1 is
THANK YOU EVERYONE FOR MAKING THIS POSSIBLE ILY ALL AND ESPECIALLY THANK YOU TO CRAZEN <33333
BUY FROM THE VAULT
swiborgs progress is legit, he was the backup lol. Dont dislike him
Guys this level is not harder than Zodiac. If this gets rated Zodiac is still the #1 hardest level.
Very nice- I sent it for featured! :D
gg
i cant stand
Renevant, Cognition, Calculator Core and Kenos? WTF now Bloodlust go cry in a corner
Thankns for Alooweing me to Verify AcCalculaTor Colre Uwu
i am an unhappy being
OHOHOH 1% IM BETTER THAN THE WORLDS BEST CALCULATOR PLAYER
very cool
The Total Gameplay is awesone, it is too buggy tho. Beat it after dying at 98 twice.
cool move
GG Crazen!!!
hacked by zeronium
150 EXTREMES NEW HARDEST GGGGGG
yall better not complain about lag, because this lvl was made on an ipad from 2013
built on ios 9, thats how old this ipad is xD
GG! 43 attempts, 10 extra since I missed second coin the first time ;)
gg
RATED OMG OMGOMGMGMGIOGMGMGOGMOGOMOMG THANK YOU ROBTOP
son:whys my sis named rose?/dad:cus ur mom loves roses/son:and me?/dad:enough questions default wave
beat this with default wave :)
F
69420
GG ;) 54 Attempts, Really great and fun level ;)
hard on mobile? stop complaining; this was verified on mobile bruh
omg 12/21/19 An awesome default wave moment. So proud :')
rip hard demon
GG I love it
The game play is god tier. Very easy demon.
bruh
yoo GG I had to rebeat it because I didn't have the pro gamer normal wave ;)
bruh. also default wave IS the best wave
I liked this. Easy and stressful. (beat with default wave) (1713)
98 x 2
Muchas partes auto en la primera mitad y uno que otro bug, pero estuvo entretenido, buen trabajo.
"I honestly hate halloween levels." 2 minutes later: Rob rates a halloween level, in December.
Happy halloween everyone :)
:)
Very cool :O
I thought halloween was 2 months ago...
the level got worse towards the end
Im convinced rob read my comment lmao
could be better, but cool style
dulse o turco
RATE THIS 
thanks i hate it :)
nice!
Merry christmas to everyone and also halloween just in case xD
buggy piece of sh*t, dislike.
@DaveDJ Sorry :/
Annoying gameplay. There's no way this is only 6 stars.
christmas is scary
really cool :)
Feliz jaboluin
huh
Very interesting... Not sure everyone will like it but it's very unique. Song is quite weird.. Sent!
The song name backwards spells Subliminal Messages
Thanks for the dedication!
les gooo guys
This is great, my first big verification and it gets featured!
OMG YEEEES IM SHAKING
Even though not everything is perfect, I kinda like this. Very unique for sure. :D
GG! 766 attempts, 68 are old :)
OUR fountain... COMMUNISM INTENSIFIES
GG! 800th demon + 11th insane demon! :D
YESS! FINALLY!!! First to beat i think. I died at the wave 11 times jeez. 2k att to beat. SICK LEVEL
LETS GOOO RATED
GG! This level is really hard lol, kind of annoying sometimes too. Extreme demon imo
Extreme Demon tbh
Its extreme rob trust me
This level sounds like Communist Propaganda but ok
One of the hardest insane demons in the game, hardest one Ive beaten. GG
I think it deserves extreme. The last wave, combined with the stress of being at the end is HARD
for people saying this is a free extreme, i would recommend playing the full level.
<3
THANK YOU SO MUCH NEXUS ILY
1 like- minus 11 days of scool
10 likes = this gets rated
like si tienes pene 
The message above me is false
the message below me is true
ROBTOP I LVOE YOU SOP MUCHHHHq]ae:TL<awetl;jknase3wy;l
Double Send!
GG
Fixed a bug, thanks for telling me about it mini :)
Robtop basically all these new Demon Rates are great, thanks so much dude.
GGGGG =D
GG! 931 attempts, this took forever for no good reason :/
Loved it GG! :))
sorry for my bad ground and airdeco bro
20th Extreme Demon GG!
Tm18 is Raindance. The song name is Raindance. Hmmmmmmm
leyak is easier than this
feature when??
Sent :)
work on colors and less messy deco!
buen nivel
deserves star rate imo
Wow! Epic level you got Carlos ;) Sent 
if i was a mod, u would have cp
debe ser featured xd
gracias por la dedicacion GG :)
Hermoso Nivel!!!! :)
WHY DID I NOT PRESS
Also yeah this level is just COVERED in glow.
This level is the best
wait this level still isn't star? What??
Decoration is good, but the gameplay really stands out, its great!
si se preguntan por que puse itsadbystyles es por un amigo el acual su nombre era asi :)
Carlos congrats! Mulpan said sent!!! your first rated lvl
Magic? Again?
esto merece epic :D
Esta buena la deco :D
auiero lllrar pero de la felizidad we :,)
Like For Zylenox, Dislike For Zylenox, Ignore For Zylenox
GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
like if here before feature
This is the official Master Duel. Ignore the LDM unless you cant copy this one because of crashing
GG
Like For Master Dual, Like For Zylenox, Like if you here before featured.
Like for Zylenox Dislike for Tseries
gg
Zylenox should build a easy demon
OMG FOUND IN RECENT
robtop get f*ck in here and rate this masterpiece!
I beat Duelo Maestro. Maybe beat Master Duel now?
solo victors all called this easier than Duelo, stop complaining when you haven't even beaten it
the song ? ;-;
Furry Duel
Guitar y Souls, pasate Master Duel! xD
you are the best creator ever
only 99% left!
We can't just ignore how unique and awesome that style is. Great work!
why isnt this featured
Damn GGGGG
Iron Maiden is Cool tbh
oh my god this is so amazing :o
i love this song, iron maiden pogg
Holy sh*t!! This is awesome!!
amazing level but jesus still does not approve
I love the background but it's too laggy to play with it :'(
Rob bruh you rated two of his levels but neither the one he wanted you to rate
gg lp44 for double cp!
KILL THE BEAST! CUT ITS THROAT! SPILL ITS BLOOD! (Lord of the Flies quote dont ban me)
let him who hath understanding reckon the number of the beast. for it is a human number. its 666
Iron Maden reference?
six six six the  number of de beast six six six.........,
whoo
Nice level, nice style. Gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood
GG
i love iron maiden <3
Iron maiden really is cool tbh
great :/
very cool 
Robtop gaming moment.
New profile post hehe <3 Love you guys!
Lets congratulate Prism and HyperFlame for elder!!! :pog:
You are kidding me.
Anyone know where the first coin is?
Geometry Dash is old, but every lvl I play is gold! :)
make this comment flagged as too many likes
I literally changed like 2-3 times the Shy-guy icon, it is my favorite one definitely
I can only thank you guys for the trust and support you put in me :> I will make you proud!! :D
gmd players cant get girlfriends its too hard of a demon
denister needs to go to grammar school, he is what we would call, a "small brain" child
epic moment
Shy guy - Shaggy... It is not a coincidence guys 8)
Hello @mdk642 - Thank you very much good sir!
will i get ban for saying: Swinging Electrons May Evade Neutrons?
Berkoo is lurking god
A wild xaro appeared :lovpog:
Magac, I decided to put these ones for christmas month, changes sometimes are good haha
@Robtopbuck, you blocked me, i cant, i know you are a hacker/troll tho so i dont care anyway
Thanks @niremasit ~>~
Awesome :)
pass is 003479 like so others can see
GG! The hardest remake level of shape of beats.
The best remake... no, THIS IS JUST SHAPES AND BEATS!
Actually, this is AMAZING.
Like If You Came From NexusGD
I hacked this comment you can like it twice TRY IT
something bug is fix , sorry
I think it's never secret way again ! :P
Press like to feature. :p
robtop WHEN 2.2??
do you like playing amazing cube? -<amazing cube>;do you like playing jsab? -<sab>...so whats next?{
Yay
secret way spam hard
like if your a jsab fan!
hard mobile :P
pass is 003479 like pls
is it this hard for robtop to rate a mini game epic?
I think,This level need rate 10star hard demon and GG this so hard,love you KANG
Now, that's what I call, the greatest JS&B remake ever!
i had to put one in cuz even tho it is auto people were complaining about lag xd
bug at 21%
Low detail for an auto lol
had to reupload yet again cuz of some problems with the id
really cool auto level ;3
Bugged at 21% on 60hz btw!
wish all autos were like this nowadays
were determonation from undertale?(very cool level. like)
...
GG
WHAT JUST HAPEND!? REALLY COOL!!!!!!!!!!!
Aweaome auto! :0
Flippin' AWESOME! An outstanding, fun-to-watch AUTO lvl with totally spectacular mechanics! Thanks<3
if it wasnt auto it would be a demon level
Sad that this bug cannot be fixed, because mathboy quit some time ago :(
like for feature cuz this lvl is so lit
GG =)  64000 stars 01/06/20 23:28  
4,743 stars
Yo Rob if ur doing autos then you should do Hell Depths Epilogue by Serponge just a suggestion
3000 STAR!!!
Was that the bite of 87?
veo tu futuro y esto sera un featured :)
who is Antonio130? I like his part xD
not bad ;)
Fue divertido colaborar contigo!
This is nice :)
SEND THISSSS
Soy del futuro y confirmo que este nivel va a estar en el daily... 
Good Job Antonio
I accidently let go of the dash orb at the end, but still beated it! GG!!
Amazing!
I disagree with this song, time is going by slow and I am desperate to open my christmas presents
why you bully me
im singing along with the guy very well:]
1 att and all coins!
nice level, GG 2 att :3
27k stars, GG :D
GG! its rated!!!
Wonderful :)
nooo xd
Incase you didn't know, Eddie deleted all the comments on this level. Read his posts.
i just died at 69 but i cant show it because i already died at 71   can we get an f in the chat
78 % is a passing grade right
this was made 11 months ago when the song was not overrused
wow... i just realized.. this level gave me my firts creatbor points! :D  now how crazy is that?? x
oh no, im so sorry you can take a simple joke
yea stuid joke level got featured, who ever made tbis i am reproting them to viprin and rob top ;)
This is probably the only exam I can pass.
usually hate on myself but this time im letting you know this gameplay was synced asf
oh no, NoT qUiZlEt! :(
why isn't this extreme demon, considering the name
its a 1 stupid head
dont cae
did you guys know I made this level
real robtop burger .
Really nice artwork, but work on improving transitions. GG
warning: may trigger war flashbacks among college students
I have so many homework :(
Gg! Cool level :) [5,000 User Coins =D 23/01/2021]
epic imo. that transition at 25% was my favorite part :)
gameplay and transitions suck
the first part is literally bad xD
Extremely bad gameplay. sorry
Like if you died on the first jump
the gameplay is trash
bad gameplay
imo this gameplay is horrible
bad gameplay bad coins, gg!
horrible
omg i really abhor this annoying gameplay. DISLIKE!
gameplay autentic trash
the beginning jump is super annoying please fix
Gameplay sucks so much
who saw the comments on bad gameplay before playing and was like, oh god
This is very very unfun
intro is annoying
Awesome deco and song, but the way the gameplay is carried out is really really awkward.
gameplay is so trash
the intro is tik tok themed lol
Good looking, but the gameplay is so trash, holly molly
Sent :)
soy el unico que piensa que cuando crearon el nivel el vato estaba enamorado ?? :v 
Nivel en ingles pero la cancion es hispana, exelente
Linda cancion, lindo nivel, lindos sentimientos encontrados, lindo el tipo de arriba :')
10 CPs <3
que buena cansion like si no te la esperadas
gg featured ^^
<3 es cancion la tengo descargada y me envuentro con esto quebuen level bro  
The title is in english. Why aren't you?
khe bonito :3
I love this song <3
Nice! :)
que bonico
<3
primera vez que veo un tema en castellano en GD... buenisima...
UnFun Fact: I dont have any hills near my house :(
pretty cool, expect a feature
me siento orgulloso que alla un nivel con una cancion en espaniol!!!   gg
271
Newgrounds cagon.
Sweet colors :)
Some parts should be more visible but the level is very great!
THANK YOU ROBTOP!!!
This is actually really great fun! :D
the level isn't the greatest but the song makes me give it a 9/10
Pog
Fun level w/ some nice details here and there 8)
Mulpan sends from a few months ago please :)
Nice Peter
Very cool! Epic rate worthy ;)
so very have fun :)
nice name!! And incredible level! <3
very nice
amazing!
Gg
fun
GG <3
pretty solid level
GG 16300 Stars :D
Cool!
Nice :)
SO FAST
<3
nice colors
[inspired by kustarnic (block design),he is a god]
Wow another rate so fast! G's Kawaii!
your imagination is art!
WOoooaahhh
Wow nice chica :0
AAAA YEESS GG
Very cute!
GG . Este nivel subido hace 1 hora : estrellas . Mi nivel subido hace 2 meses : sin rate :"v
316
10k stars, gg! <3
you never know what someone is going through be nice and help them out :)
I have not failed. i've just found 10000 ways that won't work. - Nikola tesla
1 like i new phone for iIkawaiIi :vv
i just found this in recent! Amazing Work!!
How does Kawaii make such good levels so quickly?!    Anyway great work 1attempt
GG 1 att ;3;
This disc is only for use on Sega Dreamcast.
master system, megadrive, saturn, dreamcast
I love rating session
really nice..
GG! 8500 user coins :)
1st coin??  :/
SEGA
Jeez good job this is good
GG! 75,000 stars :)
Nice design, but I honestly preferred the colors in Dreamscape
The beat is fire
izi uwu
gracias... 8k stars 
Such an awesome level!
~ All I want for Christmas is 2.2 ~
vvv
*see you in 2.2* Me: "Goodluck with hoping, mate!"
GG! ;D
GG
that was a really fun level great job!
1%... Feel like that is enough
Thanks for everything. I love you guys. Seriously.
I did it in 1 attempt in practice btw. Proof on stream :D
GAMING
Congrats dude!
Absolute Madlad
i hate croanix
the wave parts are kinda hard if you ask me
biggest man alive
HOW
g
LOL THAT WAS SO RANDOM
TECH IS A HOMO
2.1 awards...my birthday.... kenos verified.... good day ngl
dad?
GG.
GG Man.
Is this harder than bloodlust?
hey
GG :)
Hay tantos caminos por andar...
fue divertido colaborar contigo! ^^ <3
modo incognito) los wachos ya saben que hacer xd
Frick, I guess spanish class was a waste.
ella no quiere andar conmigo :'c
Una historia todavia sin final <3
primer nivel que veo con una cancion en espanol xdd
Porque no es FEATURED? v,: los amo desde Mexico <3
AAAAAA
tu: quisieras andar conmigo. ella: NO!.  tu: (musica sad) ;-;
Nice!
This level teaches me Spanish, cool cool :)
los videojuegos te hacen violento, los videojuegos:
Es bellisimo 
es modo incognito solo los de cultura saben
Like Si entendiste el modo incognito xd
skeet yeet this meme is dead
porfin algo espanol
Amazing Level :0
le envias esto a tu crush y se enamora al toque ;v
and Jerry
UUUGH, my mom keeps texting me and its making me crash, lmaooo
Thanks ;)
poorly executed in some parts, and transitions need work but pretty solid overall
bad transition
excuse me whAT
52 attempts
Very nice level :)
Hello
ayy Tom is the best name ;)
?
good =)
ju mean from Tom and Jerry? ._. idk ok? just using whats closest to my mind rn
Horrible
and Jerry
The gameplay is so bad I dont want to play the level. Sorry its not you its me.
Design is good, gameplay makes me wanna die
cancerous gameplay
I love the dedication ;)
Very nice, 2500 demons keys xd
gd 3.0
basically robtop made a game engine instead of game lmao
This is Minecraft?
This is really cool!!!!!!
I  W A S  2  F E E T  A W A Y
Incredible
when the door to your own house kills you. (I thought it was the entrance to like another adventure)
Am I even playing gd anymore??
the pass is 124678                                                                             like?
You're literally insane.
you did such a great job with that 3D stuff, well done!
wow like if u died at 99,999
discord.gg/geometrydash
wait, thats ilegal.
discord.gg/geometrydash
WOW! amazing you can do this in such a restricting and simplistic editor! Hats off to the creator!
The superior walking simulator
who tried going into the house?
blyat
 KAK OH ETO CDELAL???
The deco is cool but the gameplay is not good, anyway deserves featured
Creators in order: Crombie (me), BryanC2, Oc3andark, Terkai, Shantak and P3rception
can u guys do a better job at not making the transitions so sudden
That was so fast :0
The collabs that I am uploading have been much more than half a year since I started
Great level! I love how thw parts work so well together.
Nice work :0
un placer participar bro <3
So I hardly upload them, but dont worry guys, there are more solo levels upcoming owo
Also a special one for Christmas, so stay tuned :)
85 attempts + coin
Y como siempre, mi parte es un asco. :smugface:
soso
Transitions are very annoying but the level is great
transitions are not cool dude, sorry
:(
Thx for letting me be a part of this! Looks great :)
GG crombie!
nice level, gg
There is a lot of great songs in GD this is one of my favorites
it's me again! 
grats
Fine, but the LDM still needs major fixes.
GG MY FRIEND <3
*waiting for orisis gd to comment*
gross gameplay
everybody do the 2nd amendment dance
Cool :)
Yaayayy gg :)
GG 8)
GG !
like and ill inhale air
Wonderful as usual
Actually really fun :]
dislike my most recent post on my account for a cookie and an extreme demon.
UwU how do u keep getting rates :D
the levels quality dropped and the gameplay sucked
GG.
The timing is kinda annoying, but overall great level.
really laggy, i'm surprised I got this far
Unique :O
big thanks to pechuga20 and trudee fabian
Love theme <3
Who else jumped over the bird at the beginning lol
My Geometry teachers name is Mr. Loveless, Cory Loveless. No joke. Geometry teacher to xd
yeii GG
any My Bloody Valentine fans here?
When you're 16 and have never had a girlfriend. *laughs fade into sobs*
Whenever somebody makes their first letter lowercased in a level it triggers me.
Cool :D
This levels name might be Loveless.. But always remember that there is one person that Loves you!!!
i love this level
she not love me :'(
The title is  the story of my life cuz I'm 16 and I've never had a girlfriend :(
:)
PUT A J BLOCK FOR MOBILE PLAYERS
I Loveless This Level :3
Would you call in the name of love?
the bear disracted me 
explains my life
gah cant play on the bussss so bouncy
IS THIS THE SILENT VERSION OF MY LEVEL?@?@ XDD
Can we please stop making levels where we can't see what's in front of us and we just have to die?
done in 2.5 days? It takes me the same time as 2.2 to finish one
How to fall down stairs: step 1: step 2: step 5: step 23: You did it!
got featured in the first hour
So fast!
Like los q son hombres
does anyone else realize most of zoroa gds levels have clocks? 
and inspirative III still not rated..........
This got rated 54 minutes after its release.
This would be a great level if I could see what I was doing half the time smh
At least Zoroa used the better part of the song hah GG
lol how did my stupid comment get top
"You ever wonder if-" *Dies*
Zoroa is Silent,Opta is Violence.
1 HOUUUURRRRRRRR!!!  
me: made a level in 2.5 months.....zoroa: made a level in 2.5 days
Incredible!
shorei
My Bro Got Another Featured :D Still of this form bro :D
when you nerf your 2 star level until it becomes completely auto
So, basically, you CAN play, you just don't HAVE to.
#IDidNotDoThisInAuto am i a madlad yet?
niiiiiiiice
my favorite planet is thanks
YEA I DIED ON AN AUTO!!!!!!!
like if you went on recent auto levels
Lol I Just Realized His Name Backwards Is Balone xD
epic
GG =)  58000 stars 30/04/20 15:23
LETS GO I DIED!
Hey, this is Syren, and I was also PDStep22. Thank you so much for choosing my track for this level!
Bug**
puse este nivel y me fui al bathroom entonces no se como es :v
wow an auto level thats not a movie :)
This would be epic if the level not was auto
popo
just a 2-3* made to be auto
10 cp yaya
tech is SO unfun to make tbh :p Sure I can do it but what's the point if I can't enjoy making it :P
Sadly this is not a demon xd and also I know it's not my best it's just a fun little project.
HE DID THE MASH.. HE DID THE MOUNSTA MASH
Lol so did you just completely take ScorchVXs style and ditch your other one... it looks too similar
Funn!! :)
Prepare yourselves for an XL insane demon probably in January or so...
So coool!
Those teeth remind me of people in toothpaste ads...
Oh wow that was quick xd
rob do you think you could make Insomnia by Glittershroom weekly? :p
Monsters are evil! Most of them... especially spikesattheend monsters!
F
This ain't scorchvx, lol i bet noone even remembers bobratchet... What a talented creator he was.
look its peaceful
Seems rushed but good nontheless
GG 14567 Stars ;P
bad low budget Scorchvx thats impossible to sightread
Great! :D
was i supposed to jump here or something
i failed to mash
Diceroll Over 2 = more demon rates. RubRub rolls the dice. 4. More demons
Gracias por dejarme participar quedo hermoso el nivel uwu
No tuve la oportunidad de conocer a los creadores del collab pero son unos buenos Creadores :)
not bad
La decoracion es buena, pero el gameplay no tanto.
pass: 002019 :)
Si tiene epic es por tu amigo.
Finally GG! My god I dont recommend dying on the last triple spike 4 times -_-
that demon face is the worst art ive ever seen
hermoso igual el que leyo este comemtario :b
orb placement is really off and annoying
This level is shit, I wish you luck, because gameplay is bad, it really suck >:/
I can't do this anymore. NOT EASY DEMON
63 attempts. I don't like this gameplay. :/ #1144
why the absolute hell is this an easy demon?
my record
GG! 40 attempts :)
alguien le dio dislike
bad
hola 
Going to get epic, just watch.
Pretty atmospheric level  ^~^
@Doas Hey! Thats ok man, I have over 200 levels Ive made that I gave up on, always learning
sent to mods! :)
This is the best level on the first page, idk why this didnt get epic. what even is robs taste atp
surprisingly fun to play and good looking. feature-epic worthy
@kross well i hope you enjoyed the orbs dude!
Terrible ldm
YESSSSSSS!!!!
Halfway to 10k downloads!
@localgoat im aware, im working on it >:(
Thx to all the mods and friends that sent this lol. Im so freaking happy rn!
@pheex thx!
amazing.. x) <3              this is in magic sections!     i hope you have your first featured! ^^)
Omg this has really blown up for me, Id appreciate it if yall help me get this featured lol
Thanks
Nice job on your first CP 
this is really neat, nice job :)
@gameflyer thx! that means alot lol
GG! :)
Faltan 17 dias para navidad! :D
can you guys like stop making good levels im tryna do my homework here
im satisfied with this percentage
Brillante ;)
Some deco details copied from Harmonic Fantasy, damn.
Castrix be like :/
like if u on moible
EPIC! :)
Nice. I hope to see it featured soon! :)
pass?                                   200020
It is Christmas' Eve, so to some people this is a special night.
I LOVE THIS LVL :D 
Why are 6 star levels so evil
10/10 esta increible sin palabras
woooooah hold up just call it Harmonic Fantasy 2 if youre gonna copy like all of that levels designs
Nice level :)
at first i was like :| but then i was like :0
Esta genial el nivel, aunque el 81% es complicado!
:0
aw man there is a bug 
biohistoria ser gay
robbrob epic please because vitinhoo and jooj gostosas.
jooj tem gay
Wow, this turned out to be really good
Collab with Initial Velocity * Time? Vf=Vit+1/2at^2
mais um feat pro brasil :)
those colors are the bomb
apesar dos bugs, ta otimo!
vitmiguel intensifies
i got here at 666 likes, now its 667
muit bom
esse vitinho ai cria mal pa porra
joojmiguel ser foda
why is everything in the fetured page jsab related
GG! :)
Nice level :)
?????
GG! :) 40 Attempts!
GG!
ooooo new rates, hopefully a weekly soon
Me gusta, gracias por la dedicacion :)
LMAOOO nice name
Epic
electroid dash ;)
noice
<3
GG! Amazing level + really fun! Good work Wilz AND Zyzyx! :)
Congrats!
cool !
gg
pense que se llamaba "electrid dash" xD.. buen lvl WILZ <3
gg thanks for the awesome collab, really fun to play and looks amazing:)
Cheveroso
good good i like this
oh
Nais ;D
GG! All coins :)
wow epic Gg WILZ ! :o
i love the dash orb effect
GG!
Not legible at all but it looks cool.
the reverse ship slope comes out of nowhere and there's no time to react.
That song is quite weird lol :P
imo feature is ok cuz transitions are not that good
The moment when you ran out of Good level names:
If this gets 75 likes i'll dump my head in a bag of marshmellows and eat them all
damn someone used his song before me
:c                                                                                                  
cool visuals but gameplay is awful
gameplay/transitions are as random as the name
Des francais ?
Its A Norwiegan Song ._. I Am Norwiegan ._.
thx for using the best music in the history, very epic
helps i cant see anything and wats tis indian song
All Your Rate Levels Done, GG :)
Great effects!!! good level. GG
both coins kinda fluked it
Norway gang where u at??
Should be 6-7 stars but epic =)
so Vairo is norwegian?
whoa. cool level :)
pass -w-?
modern?                                                                                      Trivago
does the design just stay the exact same throughout
This transition sucks
Hmm, I'd like to see you try more modern tbh!
next level will be an easy demon. 
TED JSEM TO MIL!
Pass:654320 (=
oh
the difficulty increases when the drop begins. ;)
this is by the same creator as Fish Run                   just an observation
Just your run of the mil level
my best percentage  
just me with good movements lol
why is my life so cruel
featured
all yuo need to know by kawaii is a good one sir rubrub
bg effect off. now thats more like me :)
Epic level...
like
Lmao you put michiguns part from yatagarasu in there XDi
gg
Pass is 246738 like so others can see
1929: The Great Depression
dont complain that this is extreme. enjoy that it is and that you have an easier extreme demon
Could be an easy extreme, got some tricky parts. Insane or extreme, it's still very enjoyable
anyone else try using 1929 for the pass lol
THERES NO WAY
well we ruined it now its insane
gg :)
GG :D
GG! 90 attempts, I had awful luck but this is still probably the easiest insane demon :)
holy shit in under 1k atts (867) GG! :) first on mobile i suppose! :D worst fails: 86%, 74%,  67%x3!
Ok this is the easiest extreme demon...
shit now that its insane ive lost a lot of motivation to beat it
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
this level is impossible to search for...
Ik why this level is called, 1929. Its so hard and infuriating that it causes depression.
this has Michi's Yata part in it :(
Really awesome :)
Darwin and Yakis parts are probably my favorite.
Nice megacollab, glad to be part of it :)
incredible as usual, favorite parts were all of them
how to build guide
Amazing work :)
Wow, gameplay is sooo goood ~v~)
Let's go for the top 1 Darwin, you can <3
Wow, fantastic detail and diversity! One of my favorites
aye gg darwin 3 more and you will hit 200cp!!
3 more cp to 100x2! gg darwin :)
Roses are red, violets are blue, this dude needs elder, Rub whats wrong with you.
Megacollab including Yakimaru, Darwin, Yakimaru, Darwin, Yakimaru, Da...
finally a well-executed version of this concept
awesome idea looks hot
even not in manix's level manix's part gave me aids, guess the replication worked out great, gg
If Serponge is not gonna do it, Darwin will, eventually.
darwin is possibly one of the most talented creators of all time
darwin has been the most consistently great creator this update! gg 70 attempts
good
First victor with 710 attempts... I think this is Epic Hard Demon
the glow looks like diluted milk
like if you hate dual wave part
Pass 276887
GG! 144 attempts :)
gg :)
GG! :) 131 Attempts! Interesting transitions here! I don't think it's worthy hard demon! Fun level!
really bad transitions, jesus... this gameplay really isnt fun....
why are there offscreen orbs
completeto
why am I dying here ALWAYS
GGGGGGGGG 850 Attempts!!!!!!!!!
what is up with the 3D blocks in the first robot... 3D is wrong and by the end, there's no 3D blocks
fun to practice but EXTREMELY annoying in normal mode. also very clear this wasnt playtested :/
The end is really bad and the 1st coin destroyed me... but I still really like this. GG!
666 likes....
This is a hard demon not medium. Like not even up to debate... Ya'll trippin'
feliz navidad
disgusting
@GgDashie Does it remind you of the song in Start by Serponge
Please marry me.
LIKE GEOMETRY DASH DISLIKE FREE FIRE
Nice colors, fun gameplay!
I love your levels.
Awesome! Gameplay is fun & visuals are great with fantastic colors. Impressive job as always haner!
Watch this be the easiest weekly in history
Mobile anyone?                                                       ->
I'm able to stop.
yes!
Amazing work! Also, do that monsters have HEADPHONES ON OMGGGG!!
if this doesnt get weekly i will eat robtops right foot
One of the smoothest levels I have ever seen :0
gg on the epic bro
GG! 3 attempts :)
like if u on moible
Lo publicaste muy tarde xD........Amazing level <3
Can we get this comment to 69 likes in time for 4 / 20 / 2020?
Nice!
vvvooooicer!
GG! 4 attempts to rebeat :)
Neat :)
Fantastic level as always Osiris <3
comment flagged as carrot                                 [crunch]
Zanahoria
video is now on my youtube channel, go watch it! :)
Amazing!
My conclusion is that carrots are not from Earth
Lovely theme, unique elements and great colors: Great level!
thanks sr
super cool!
whats next? nuclear potato?
wow :0
Everybody gangsta till the carrot start shooting lazers
carrot
If this gets 50 likes i will read the bee movie script
f*ckn wow dude :O so unique
Woah! La parte de despues del boss me recordo a Jayuff :thinking: Buen nivel ^^
i need a diet
Never forget to jump, kids
Really enjoyed how this level stuck to a well executed theme! Good work!
... 6
This is my last 2.1 level, see you in 2.2 )/
Nice :)
Amazing collab Nico and Geo! :D
OwO!!
Nico99: see you all in 2.2! Me: NOOOO!!! Hes leaving forever! Ill miss him so much...
pass 191819
Cool movement :)
Great level! Happy to see something from you again, but sad to see you leave until 2.2. Cya then! <3
this title is what got me 2 months of detention
no epic ?
GG! :) 117 Attempts! Passing Franchet, Top 7 Legit Player!
like if evw was here
GG! 38 attempts :)
yooo nice :)
Beautiful level :)
this is one of the funnest easy demons ive played
22
Nice demon :)
Just beat future funk so im kinda okay with it
Terrible gameplay
this is like one of the worst gameplays I've ever experienced,literally awful.
haven't seen gameplay this bad in a while
Fix the jump pad at 30% im seriously
disgusting gameplay
GOVNOSTROY EBUCHIY
This gameplay sucks.  :)
did you verify your level legit?
absolute trash gameplay mate
spongebob me boy i have extreme onsteoperosis 
Buggy and bad transitions, nice combination.
:o
gross
@Rinex04 <33333
I like paper. But hate trees. -He finally realised something about this...
Ruff
25% bug loooool.
REALLY BAD LEVEL
hardest 7 star? Btw my part is the last one..
what do i do here??
EXCUSE ME, WHAT'S!?
Oh, btw. 1st 30% were made 3 years ago, so don't judge if it seems bad, lol
Geometry Dash: Rewind 2019.
@1insane Quitting creation doesn't equal quitting GD in general, lol
When the level says "Don't click" I should probably not click
GOD OF MUSIC GG YAY
I like the Castle parts. =)
Youtube Rewind 2019 but its actually good
god of music doesnt make music oof
Returned in 2013
It's nice that it gets easier and easier lol
I would comment "nostalgia" but I wasn't playing 3 years ago
Amazing :)
nostalgia ah :)
for the last time, gameplay matters     first 25% is terrible
fingerdash v2
ngl I love the transitions between lvls
18K user coins, GG!
when you quit creating and then make an xl level
cool level, but i cant beat it
the level slowly drops in quality, sorry
OMFG GG DUDE!!! OMG I DID NOT EXPECT THIS!!!
If this gets daily im gonna cry lmao
did anyone else notice 'pass is 177070' at the end? just me?
505
I need a good joke to get top comment.... hOw ABoUt a 2.2 JoKE???
Is that what's happening to everyone's dad?
Could definitely be better and longer.
OMG DITTOH GOT CP GG <3
i was hoping my level would get 1000 before you but gg
vape kids lmao
VAPEorize hehe
1 coin!
Nice!
gg from the person who barely plays :D
GG    Gmd                                                                          
also gg
heh dittoh was in my stream ;) 
this level is better than the cp itself
pass is 170070 btw
 COOL u are improving! but u still need to fix some deco ;_; .. and tyy for dedication uwu
EVEN DAILY, WHAT
2.2 is said to be extremely close, like really really close
everyone! like this post if you want me to make the level copyable :D
WHAT???
alright boys, imma head out. be sure to be nice or i'm calling gd police :nogis: )/
my dog died :( Can i get 10 likes for him?
15 likes and I will tell you my age and real name
should i use dog of wisdom remix in my next level. 
OmG! 2.2 iS oUt! AlL yOu HaVe To Do Is SmAsH tHaT lIkE bUtToN!!1!1
I died more times at the first 3 spikes than I did anywhere else in the level
"Ok Google, Grandfather Clock"        "Google: Misses the l"
Aren't girlfriends mythical?
Good gameplay but air deco should be improve. Anyway the block design is not bad
Fun fact: There are more planes in the ocean than ships in the sky.
z15b please stop
This is not even send worthy...
plus there's only a month left till 2.2's release. so rob would appreciate if you could be patient
"i think rob edits cp so you cant hack stats, but dont quote me on that"
doctor needs pants
... 1. You Died
SPEEDRUN by Kaito 1:56 Any% (WR)
You've been an amazing creator, and this is no exception. I wish you the best outside of GD. :0
Yayyyy
Thanks Rob! Continue doing the best of your abilities!!
Robtop rate cognition
rob if you roll a number from 1 to 6 you will have to put Meltdown's song to mobile GD
ohoy
my opinion on the demonlist: 17
nice level
cinci is naughty and this level is nice
easily one of my favorites :)
woag im so good
Rob can i be mo  *gets shot*
GG!! AFTER 1 YEAR AND 40346 ATTEMPTS I DID IT. FIRST ON MOBILE!!!!
"He's speedrunning this, uh, square game"
Bugfix update is out! Also some rebalancing! Good luck!
odd to see a level with a nong song get featured
like this comment if you miss riot :(
epic lvl
I'm sure Xender Game will like this!
my first featured thanks
Not bad level
GG! 21.2k Stars! ;)
some parts are too annoying compared to the rest :/ cool deco tho
nice, merece FT uwu
congrats for your first featured
alot of layouts always get star and my level dreamer is one of my best levels never get anything :(
GGGGGGGG! First Featured ;3; <33333
pretty kool
this level sucks ass
What rob needs to do is epic EVERY OTHER one of his levels.
Like this comment for ViPriN, dislike for me :(
384
pass?
bruh the comment under mine
congrats on your first cp :)
GG! :)
BUENARDOO
nice level!
We drop the dice. 4. We continue
everyone gangsta till the kids start eating raisin bran
PASS IS 2803 PLZ LIKE
Nerf date: The spam at the end is much easier!
hola gamers, @galax ;)
easy demon?
this creator is my brother
G.
Fun gameplay 10/10 :)
oi i got one rob, tm18
Ah yes good job my girlfriend
GG!! Pretty Fun Bossfight and Sync! Also Nice Cyber Themes and Backgrounds! Easy/Medium!! :)
GG! 34 attempts :)
58 attempts GG ;)
85 atts, I completely judged this level wrong, extremely fun to play, amazing job :)
Sick demon :D GG! The bossfight is fantastic and overall the gameplay is really fun. 
Im waiting for this so long :D
bruh
wow cool boss and very good gp :) hope rate 
GG, the drop gameplay could be a bit less spamy, but overall amazing level!
im satisfied with my percentage :)
Muchos bugs.
Wow! Increibles creadores! OwO
Es un gran trabajo de todos, me gusto participar ^^
eyy very good colors and deco! sended to mods
OMG!!! THX RUB RUB <3
GG! :)
gg bro
GG
GG Lorena! :)
awful lvl tbh
Can we just forget The Flame
Oh yeah 8)
Nice :)
i should legit start sending my layouts to mods since apparently layouts can get star rated now
Y el epic? Donde esta? :)
ok robotrop
Amazing! 7u7
GG Feat!
muchos bugs
Im really proud of what everyone has made here.
Amazing work! :)
Glad to have been a part of these ever-changing dimensions <3
Beans
great job everyone!! and thanks for the opportunity, opta, i had a lot of fun making my part :D
This is by far one of the best megacollabs I have seen! It better get Epic, you all deserve it!
THANK YOU SO MUCH!!
And this, ladies and gentlemen, is why you turn on do not disturb while playing GD.
Amazing lvl guys, good job :)
For all the noobs that say this is lnt hard demon, EVERY DEMON GETS DEFAULT RATED TO HARD AS FIRST
Because demons dont get daily :P
Wonderful to be here :>!
Finally one of the best modern MC is here, I love all parts, deserves epic.
Who's here because of Nexus putting this up on Youtube?
Great level. awesome job to everyone part of the level :)
ok
flushed
WHY ISNT THIS DAILY
GG! :) 104 Attempts! 800 Demons! Awesome Collab!
If I can get 30% or more, you know this is an easy Hard Demon
oh yes
I baet it dad UwU... Cheers for the epix level!
79 likes this comment
Very nice and relaxing, just wish the second half wasn't as boring. Also how is it unrated easy
some small effects would be really cool, anyway not bad, nice song too
yoo this is flames tf
This would take me 79 days to make
The last part is a bruh moment, to say at least
Aw, why'd you make it impossibIe to die at 79%? I wanted to make a funny Etzer BIoodbath meme...
made in 2 days. THIS WOULD TAKE ME A YEAR TO MAKE
Ay nice
first try! i still dont know how people can make such nice levels btw love the song!!!
I like it
HOW WAS THIS MADE IN 2 Days, Its so gud. ;)
Sorry, i perfere "Seventy Ten"!
bruh momento
Really nice easy level. It deserves at least star rate. But i hope this will get featured bud :)
GG
lol 3 jumps
...why 93%........but cool lvl
Dice is 3. Lets continue
??????????????
Getting ready
stream time for npesta
I rate extreme demon
Man
the master of cumming
robtop reverted it to the wrong version and update locked it thanks
d
parabens, agora q vc ganhou cp seu qi aumentou em 70%
First victor? GG!
gg on first 2 cp!
poggie woggie
E sensacional ver brs fazendo uma coisa incrivel dessas. Parabens a todos o criadores!
:)
Dolores says: BORRACHO SUCKS
Black orb in the first ship ruins it
banger level
brazil
gg brazil
Plz Rub, Rate Epic In This Lvl :(
KarDashIan?
let me guess no one will ever send this to rub and no rate
Epic!
The description of this level kills my mind
KarDash-ian
another good level :)
wow first rate worthy and maybe feature worthey or good at all level ive seen in recent
designs are great but gameplay is a huge yikes
58.986eme stars
very snazzy. you get a bletzee approval :D
deco is very good
gg
gg ez
Great job, I really like the deco:)
cool level!
Gg
how did i do that XD
a good level that runs on my laptop? IMPOSSIBLE
so pro
it was a pleasure to help in this collab! :D
x)
Oh yes, <level name>!
Very very amazing <3....
nice kid friendly name
Absolutely amazing level :D     btw I got 339999 orbs after completing it, completely random
gg, 12 attempts, all coins in mobile
N I C E E E E E E E E E E E E
holy I forgot this guy existed
This Fun level (!)UwU(?)
1 attempt. I think its your coolest level :)
GG! :)
GG! OMG! 2 attempts x'D
gg ez
uff
Awesome job guys! 8)
Sweet gameplay, GG! :)
uwu
Epiiioooc
41 gg : D
Like = Harder than Bloodbath
Thanks for the opportunity Nikro. Glad to get this finally verified!
Maybe harder than Bloodlust? Like= yes    dislike= no
GG to Roria, and good luck to those who attempt this. 
LETS GOOOOO GG RORI
oh shit
Like -> Harder than Allegiance
AFTER ALL THOSE VERIFIERS, RORI HAS DONE IT! CAN ME GET 10 LIKES FOR RORI?
:)
pass 987654
YO
mi dog died yesterday, like or you are gay
like if this harder than bloodlust dislike if this easier than bloodlust
gg
if this gets 100 likes i will legit do nothing
haha!
gg
I BEATED IT 
GG
like = 1% chance higher my crush likes me back
very nice
15 likes and ill change my name to the f word :'(
There's something hauntingly beautiful about this style that just makes it an absolute blast to play
Have fun :D
ok just found this in recent tab
69696
square up hoes
sure harm i want to see what you can do
like if I'm cool
Thx Xaro for sent..... still, 2.5 hours in his stream i wont get back
LIKE IF HERE BEFORE FEATURE
Meet the new Rafer... 
Guitarists are pedos, because they finger A minor
Doublesenddd
gd lite sux
Gay is the best compliment
Everybody gangsta until the turtle eats the metal straw
1 like = 1cp for poor kids
In the Bahamas, apple pie is $2.50 and cherry is $3. Those are the pie rates of the Caribbean
like, autistic people are smarter that normal people there is no reason to use it as an insult
The only thing that can make this even better, is an original, trendy, meme... my name Jeff
Hungry for demons eh? Alright
What rate u want
You know it is
i agree demons :mabbog:
Geometry Dash is old, but everything I touch is gold :)
shut up with the 2.2 bs guys we all know its coming S O O N
This gameplay is cool. Good evening geometry dash players.
GUYS. TODAY IS MY 1 YEAR ANNIVERSARY WOOOOOOOO
like if you like trump and will vote for him
death to israel
Very cool lvl!
Amazing Sequel! Sent To Mods <3
love it!
Below is that annoying kid with glasses from Polar Express
Ad: level 1 is so hard!!! >:(     Me, on level 420 of the game:
when the "g" falls off the graveyard sign
Most guys my age are thinking about prom, but I'm here like "did I finish qag's layout yet"
When you're a grown adult but laugh at the jokes of tweens
Empanadas are top tier food.
Thank you for the verification opportunity!
Impossible.
GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
Welcome to another episode of "RIP Bloodlust".
What's harder? like: Cognition   dislike: Bloodlust
Verified in 2019, rated in 2021.
buy from the vault
YEAYAY
haha yes
harder than Crimson Planet???
tfw the first jump is easier than kowareta
First top 10 on the board baby. Thank you to EVERYONE!
gg
child slavery
like if this level is harder than bloodlust 
You wrote my name wrong.
Kowareta v2?
we need humanity
I FINALLY BEAT IT I DID IT I DID TITITT
more than machinery, we need humanity. more than cleverness, we need kindness.
Like if youre here before feature
good idea, bad execution
Pretty nice remake, well done. I love this song so much. <3
Cool remake ;)
how did you manage to misspell electrodynamix the song name is riGHT THERE
electrodynamix but you somehow found a way to make the timings more awkward
BRUH SINCE WHEN WAS THERE A SPIKE THERE
electroamazing xd
Very empty and feels unfinished.
hermoso hermano! te mereces el epico enserio <3
this is hype
increible :D
congrats :)
Me gusta :thinking:
wow
GG =) cha
Wow, that's cool!
Nice remake :)
Sinceramente , No me gusta mucho  Pero buen trabajo  
free 8 stars
1 Like = Feature. 100 Like = Epic
cool!
It's nice but not feature worthy imo. You have potential though :)
Like for..... hmmmmm...... yeah just like this comment.
Not bad but try not having empty spaces in design but thats just minor. :)
idk how can got just featured with this Epic music. One music its 50% what this lvl got Epic
Not bad!
There are some good drugs right here 70%
Thanks for dedication!
Pass is 333713
really cool level
wod4mod = mod4wod
Lol
blasterrobotz have a same suggestion the first part is nice than the other part.
ok
not funny gameplay :(
rate please!!!!!!!
monser mode off? :(
woderator
woderator
like if u r playing Before feature
Very cool! <3
If u sub to T-series u instantly become fat
i love this
FEATURE RUBRUB
SUB TO PEWDIEPIE
Some parts look overdecorated, but nice level 
like for feature dislike for no rate
Try to replace the song to song id: 827836
awesome level :)
Epic feature ;)
Apenas esperando o featured...
nice gameplay
The old song got deleted D:
this is my old level and i am not a great creator, but dont be arrogant, thanks ;3
sending!
Great level! 97 fail great.
ONE OF THE BEST LEVELS BRO
1 attempt =)
gg
this was made by odifnsjdkfn gang
I can die
hEy vSaUcE miChAEl hERe, where are your fingers?
Juice WRLD could :(
almost unexpected ft all year did think rob will give it haha but don't worry i will do an updated~
who else went upside down?
but i can
what even is this why is this rated and why am i commenting
Te recomiendo ponerle mas variacion de colores
he cant die
horrble gameplay...CHECK weird furry stuff...CHECK confusing decor....CHECK  
Very cool art, however the gameplay is boring and confusing. I am not a huge fan of the  design.
i mean i got my stars lol
i died
listen, its a fetish, you dont see this stuff in kids animations. its a bad influence, and its gross
[B]urries
why do you have an upside down path
oh
BAD.
maybe you can't, but you should.
secret way from 50-100 because of some bug, i dont even know how it happened
Okay i dont know how i do this
Really fun! =)
found a secret way without event trying, it just happened lol
pretty fun actually, i think the style is handled well too.
104000 Stars, GG! :)
Secret way. GG! :)
Secret way at drop. Maybe 144hz.
wow 
Umm.....I fell at the transition to drop and found secret way :/ ?
Song is Goodbye... Name is Happy... ARE YOU HAPPY THAT SOMEONE IS QUITTING?!?!??!?!
where is the secret way???
you've tried to put too much stuff in the first part, making the bg layers blend in too much
mario be like Waaho
@Josh please explain your profile post
Sub to XShadowWizardX
This ID is kinda lucky
secret way at 50%
more
La Parte Del Wave Me Recordo Ha Hypersonic
gmd account here is 200 like for you post !,!! ::)):)
Luigi took the L, and then he put it on his hat
like si lees esto!! :-P
this comment has infinite likes :)
im so excited for 2.2, ive got crazy boss gameplay ideas
good ol' robtop
Remember to join Harm's Bot Spot | discord.gg/TqDYStd
iF tHiS gEtS 69 LiKes I wiLl daB On mY mOM liKe a BosS
Could we get ten likes, if you want this featured.
RobTop is 100% gay
My name is Omar and I come from afar theres a bomb in my car ALLAHU AKBAR!!
Imagine calling a $2 platformer game the internet
if this gets 5 likes ill go dab on my mom
It's realy cool!
follows "the genaric formula" but does some things slightly more dynamic. work on more obscue tricks
even god is praying to me
this level is so trash
Amazing GG
my jokes are the worst who agree
@Mario you go to bed and drink your baby bottle
GG! ^^
Amazing way to get a 1st CP, huge congrats :D
hermoso nivel (psdt : gracias por dedicarmelo)
pass 251119
i cant be the only person whos sick of sharks songs
gg 100
GG SANDY, bien merecido :O
Gg, nice
Actually pretty nice, getting some ChuchitoDomin vibes from this! Congrats on the CP :D
when you get all 3 coins in 1 run, it syncs with the music
Well done, first CP!
har
gg
:)
Gg sandy ;)
GG
Great level!
eres grande man ojala yo decorara como t
GG
GG -(^-^ )o
(the first part) inspired by kustarnic!
You're such a good and underrated creator. Incredible job once again, Kawaii :)
Amazing!!! thanks for dedication! <3 Lov U .w.
Awsome level my friend :)
Really cool! :)
llihC
LOL GG SO FAST
Pretty Neat!
only bad thing was transitions
chilllllllllllllll
gg
am i the only one here watching the rates
Epic lvl, thx for dedication  <3
:)
Nice and fun level
nice chill level 1 att!
Maybe not that chill, XD
osdfofhasdb
lul
OMG YES! ALREADY?!?!?! YEEEET GG KAWAII!!!
NOT FUNNY DIDNT LAUGH.
Wow, that was fast :D
ufff what level very cute =)
its not funny....
FunnyGame + MaxyLAND = FunnyLand
this is not 6 stars
soy leonardo we xd xd 
pass?:c
BunnyLand 8v
Pass: 723033
we just spent half an hour to figure out arcadia IS, in fact, STOLEN
GGaso! <v
stop putting upside down waves im terible
Eeta Perron  8)
how about we get echo through time and digital domain rated?
ok for 1 coin  that took me 130 att i dont want to do rhe second one :)
GG!
gg on fast feature!
gg
1 shot wonder!
click for epic                                                                                [here]
I like how unique this is, even though it is a little empty. :)
that was honestly pretty awesome
i think midas will be soon
cool!
very cool
that is so good
GG 3 coin
this looks like a scene for a horror movie for me
its very  small. get it? npoe im alone here
Little bit too hard for 5 *
gg 1 ATT
14000 Player
I reached 1000 stars with this level! :D
S A D    V I B E S
gg but ?????????
I love this level :3
that messed with my eyes lol
nice
  
what xD
yesssss <3
sooner or later, nexus will upload this to his channel. I know it
rated in only 16 hours WHAT
thanks so much for the dedication, really good remake of an already good level :^)
why does everybody pause their game when they beat their record on a demon/hard level?
since this is rated, 1707 :)
pass: 147562
anopower
teoria del poder del ano ~LosHablaHispana2020
this comment is impossible to like. even try it
uwu First legit victor, video will be uploaded soon uwu
Get On It
GG ANNON!!
papa
GG!
teoria del poder del aNo
GG!!!
gg, very fun remake
a
like if gd is better than fortnite.
rob rate more midas levels
If i get 5 likes i will delete my minecraft account
touch me, midas, make me part of your desi-i-ign
coins..1 triger en el 3%..2..mini wave 69%..3..triger en el robot en el sugundo salto...like???
estos son los niveles que gustan a la vista y a los oidos, Good Job 8)
Midas wins 2.1 best level awards                                                            oh wait
new rates time                          midas pls
playing GD when sister f*cks      ;)))
que
Coin 3: Touch block at 85%
Neutrii wins 2.1 comment awards
We are all very big Midas fans aren't we
Amazing level!
nice
janchua just wants more cp lol
meh, esto ya es featured xD
@neutri best comment ever
where 3 coin?
Cool
its 9 stars 
Yeah should be 9 stars not 7... also im just sitting  here wondering which mod sent this lmao
why is this rated
si este es su mejor nivel ni me quiero acercar a los peores
Ok i get that this level is bad and all but we shouldnt hate on the creator
Lots of bugs and secret ways at the beggining, like the orb wih the coin, and jumping on platforms.
it isn't the creator's fault it got rated
1st - This shouldnt be featured.                  2nd - This should be 9 stars or even easy demon.
getting a feature is held as way too high of a regard nowadays :/
The definition of hot garbage!
stop hating guys its not the creators fault its rated
yea sure this is defenetly a 7 star, like what?
coins: 1) Invisible orbs at 3%;2) Tap at 28-29% between 4th-5th arrows;3) skip the second orb at 74%
this should be an easy demon
nice 
this is so demon wtf
which mod who sent this?
bad level
Horrible.
why is so many garbage levels getting featured latley
GD is better than fortnite, who agrees?
like if youre on mobile so i dont feel alone
How to seduce an egg by howtobasic
like: memes dislike: memes ignore: memes
I like this map
Is mayonnaise an insult?
one night i had a dream that i was eating a giant marshmello when i woke up my pillow was gone
i wanted to make a gd community joke... but it was pretty toxic...
Like for = GD dislike for = ROBLOX, Ignore for = Fortnite
dang you ended the level at the drop :(
can I get 10 likes for my cat
Six likes and I yell free cookies in front of a preschool
how to get cp: give robtop your soul
Pass is 001455 dont give me likes
I was that was the end but it wasnt.
Can we just not make another GD is better than Fortnite comment top again!
if herobrine isnt real then why did my dad die of a herobrine overdose
like if you never want to see the first 2 words of this sentence again
I WANT AN EGG PLUSHIE
I'll quit Geometry Dash in January 1st, 2020.
How many skippable orbs can you fit in a level?
this doesnt deserve a feature
WE WANT FLIRT FLIRT BY MIDAS
so many skippable orbs in the first part..
Thank you Rob for rating this, love this level, gg Atlant! :)
When you can skip half the orbs
Midas needs 20 CP
really feature? thats overrated i could do better modern than this flaming garbage!
Weird but fun and oddly satisfying... pretty good!
Odd to see that most people dislike this level... ehh whatever it's my opinion eeee
a lot of bugs...a empty gameplay.
A colossal failure of a feature, yet charmingly fun compared to most epic ratings
Some timings are weird, especially the orbs in the ball part, and deco is pretty minimal
I like the gameplay but deco is kinda garbage
GG! 27 Attempts :)
oMg U sEy bEAd w0uRd RePort OmG
really cool.
I skipped like 5 speed changes
GG 23k -v-
not gonna lie, this looks weird. But it somehow works very well. idk. i like it somehow O.o
My Mom Said If This Gets 50 Likes I Will Get A Xbox 1
lolll thanks for the feature rob <3
pass 000955
fun except dying to bugs and weird timings ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
GG! 121 attempts :)
When your level called coin rush has no user coins
I just dont like this type of memorization gameplay with fakes. Carrot rush was much more enjoyable
esto es hard demon, no medium demon
extremely bad level
can this get reverted back to hard demon please
214 attempts. #1431
how is this featured
amoeba's part is the only playable part
GG 177 Attempts, not very fun
moment
Hardest medium demon!
GG :) 201 Attempts!
GG; 228 attempts. this level's really unfun
nerf and bugfix update, hopefully made it way better
But where are the coins tho
Secret way at 60%, fix this please ;)
There is a secret way right at the drop, probably a 144Hz bug lol.
1% in and I'm already getting killed by a block I didn't know was there. This should be fun...
bug in 60% with 144hz, only playable in 60hz :)
level ends at 64% ??? Glitch??
Bug at 61%. Unplayable for 120Hz.
omg this level is so hard to see
Sweet colors :) sent
gg
- You are my everything, you are my beautiful... <3
GG =D
vision  casi nula, no perdere mi  tiempo en esto
Niiice :)
yay
i do not like this
GG 9 attempts ;)
Amazing!
GG! 21.1k Stars! ;)
wow im so a pro xd (i suck :P dont check my profile... just dont)
jelek
Rerated due to peer pressure
rate cognbitionnnnnngnfnn
used to be speculation, now its fact, 9 stars are harder than easy-medium demons
this is literally a demon
Dont you love how 9* levels are harder than medium demons now
LOL HOW
9*?
I am a fool for playing this level
song ends at 24%, breaking robs rule of the song having to sync if its nong.
HAHAHA
farted mid attempt
like this comment if you want cognition to be rated
Im fine with the design but the gamplay actually makes me want to die
players who make extreme demons are incapable of making decent easy gameplay :(
pass 789123  like?
there are easier demons nowadays than this
the gameplay is so unbalanced
This is very aesthetically pleasing despite its simplicity
robtop is a fool for rating this 9*
brug
i dont understand why people say "gg 1 att" on a 2 star rated level 
Decent and fun! 
I hope u like it                                                                     
The title is like a kid trying to spell quiet. Quiaet..................
Kept thinking my phone was falling asleep
Oh wow an easy level where you actually have to play through and it isn't 99% auto. GG
Amazing brother!
how does it know the date?
I need the bycraft icon (100 likes) Who else ?, if you want help me I don't know: v
bro
GG, the decoration is good and this is a great level for starters :)
coin 1: %53 coin 2: %83
extrem demon 4 att
do you believe in gRaViTy?
everytime a dual part is in a level i hate it because i get hexagon force flashbacks and i hate it
bro
bro
Nothng special, but it's REALLY good
GG
GG
changeable is the definition of "my opinion is always right".
stop the caps lock spam
Galaxxyss is a flat 12 year old.
rip juice wrld btw!
Why is "Ok boomer" still considered funny? It wasn't even funny before it was popular
lNya getting comment banned for long time, Juice Wrld dying, this day is horrible af.
anyway, treat people like shark with respect, they work their butts off expecting little in return!
Pay your respects to Juice WRLD by drinking some juice
stop spamming random comments for a creator who quit the game. its disrespectful to the creator.
Robtop was finished 2.2 3 years ago but every time someone begs he adds an hour on to the releaseday
help my brother is addicted to the song turn down for what 
I was once comment banned for telling Sharks to drown in the ocean - it was a joke
Everyone, start calling ExoticCheeses "ExoticButters" to make him mad
if you're old enough to where your parents need life support you probably shouldn't play this game
GD is starting to turn into Roblox with its Censorship
stop being sad because sad backwards is das and das not cool
Imagine going on gdbrowser just to get the password, and say it for likes.
I just beaten the crystal gauntlet
Elder Mod: No caps lock!      "Don't you hate new like sound?" Elder: imma pretend i didnt see that
"you person" -Decimal    omg thats so mean my feeling broke :(((
id hate to say it, there has been someone who got 5 rates back to back once
theres a bug that rob is trying to fix that randomly comment bans people
Super fun!
@Changeable, not for me, i wanna try to get to 15000 stars before 2.2
Bug at 57%....What a shame...The level itself is great :(
that moment when it wasnt Midas. I want him to have triple rate lul
is there a bug?
Snake by robtop for epic
@Shark, are they popular? are they in the top 100?
....
x2
gilbert
sorry to be one of those people but there is a bug at 23%
h
love u liker
fuse1137  grinded cp hella hard lmao
yellow hand
bruh what's with all the dislikes
19.6k stars, gg
It is way too easy for 7*  but the level is nice!
This is gonna be an easy demon within the next 24 hours
Like if you died 1%
I hate the song vocals soo much
If you like this ill give you a cookie but if you dislike or ignore ill be under your bed forever.
Not bad- but a bit too generic for my taste ;w;
Pass: 051219
The vocals in the song are so awkward (in my opinion, not hating)
there have some annoying timing
Le style champetre est juste sur puissant
My 1st demon thx everyone ^^
this song makes me not want to play the level
73 attempts, kinda fun but blind transitions suck.
good deco but you can improve so much the gameplay
Please delete this wave part. Thanks
18 attempts. #1451
Demon #303 - Very fun and sight-readable, except for the last part. Thankfully I somehow fluked it..
nice but last part gameplay is terrible
gg kinda fun but really buggy gameplay and pretty generic design also THE SONG
gameplay,???????????????????????????????????
ok
Cool :)
Cool moment
4 months of work, thanks to everyone that supported me <3
Amazing level bro <3
interesting
updated to fix bugs, and also remove the 10 second intro
GG :)
please leave me alone about the gameplay, im not fixing it anymore than this final update
ViPriN: It won't get epic. Robtop:
awesome. :)
Danz sent alot of unwarranted hate to this level. The gameplay is super fun once you learn it. (1/2)
Like,if you like Cirtrax,dislike-if you dislike Cirtrax,ignore-or you hate Cirtrax.
All of you should stop sucking up to Danz and hating on this JUST BECAUSE he did it first. :/ (2/2)
gg, fun:)
wo {{{{{{cool}
ok
the cable kid is the sun of the cable guy
so would a sequel be called three the top or two the bottom
this is not easy
yes a new great level
The blind transitions are so annoying, I don't get why people make that in lvls. NOBODY LIKES THAT
midas demon
Nice.
Vendran mejores :)
GG! Bad transitions
mi parte es fea :'v
Musho lag aun asi merece Featured :]
Les gusto lo que hice?. Un placer haber colaborado :)
Bien :)
uldm? xd
I already removed the Star pos .. it was a mistake because I was trying something and I uploaded it
:)
GG!! Bad gameplay
good collab
10/10  :0
omg this is epic
if ur levels gonna lag then it should at least look good
lag meb
GG! :)
Featured ;3
The gameplay is not the most comfortable but the decoration is beautiful, sent :)
part paradox ngelag parah
this is really cool!
This is "Defani" feature worthy, See what I did there?
Placed in 1st featured page again :D Thx RobTop :3
jir kepiturd cepet
Anjay Featured!!!!
i rather drink mountain dew
@SwfCapsLock peee
This is how art levels should be made. Detail not just in the background, but also the designs. :)
AKMJ
Password is 021219
Neat lvl bros :)
Amazing !
rip my phone
stefani suka makan nestle
Laggy but good
gg =)
GG
Dasani
Amazing level, everything is extremely well crafted and the gameplay is superb. 0/10
Epic worthy. Thanks for dedication :)
Spider parts ruined the lvl :/
AMAZING!!!
password is 783649,like plz
Pretty nice! Your best. One issue I have with it is that at around 70%, the level becomes lazy...
That's amazing how you executed all the stuff. I respect your opportunity as a creator!
Great job on getting an epic Landon!
I Want this to be a black blizard remake
Entity 303
am i the only one who finds upside down flying hard?
Password? :D
LDM disables effect in 3rd part, for those who it causes trouble to
Interesting, colors building to black is a bit of an odd choice though; some combos didn't work well
Is there a trend of using overused songs for epic levels?
LOL found secret way
minutiue is still your best
love it
Best level in the hole sweden! Greatings from sweden!
who serch lol
If Rob wont give us a New Update, at peast we have a New Game
IM SENDING TO MODS SO AWESOME
why is rob taking an eternity to rate single levels
can we get newer rates pls? older ones usually have bad gameplay
Not a massive fan of the boss fight ngl
not exactly the new game i was thinking of..
its ok but i dont know if its feature worthy, kinda empty
im not used to the perspective switch portal :cold-sweat:
ughhh, new rates when?
There's no new rates because Rob was arrested for rating while under the influence
I AM SPEACHLESS :O
get jay to 10 cp rubby
guys I will create a challenge 4 the one who will ask me, once I get to 15 likes in my last comment
Great, another Jsab fan!
Very well made bossfight
I like the sparkles! :)
GG
wod is the best grinder gamer because he uses a cat pfp
*fiesta music starts playing*
Umm Rob was kinda rating levels
mantap
CLICK TO FEATURE EPIC                                        [HERE]
The gameplay is pretty bad but the deco is nice :3
Nikmati lebih dari 100+ channel pilihan dari dalam sampai luar negeri :)
Good design and structures, but moving orb gameplay is very annoying
finally a good recent level
gameplay is just ...
thx bro,pass 100201
nice :)
I liked 40k before it was generic, now I can't hear it without seeing bad levels
gameplay random, no deserves never epic
studio yg acaranya gosip mulu
I have serious questions about the first 30% gameplay, but anyway gg :/
terrible gameplay.
awful gameplay
Is this what gets rated nowdays...
I like the bloc deco :D But try to make easier transisions
rate gibiji !:)
a w a k e
Wut :0
Next thing we know, Rob reuploads Spike Spike with an ID of 1 and it gets rated
i thought it took and eternity for my levels to get rated but this takes the cake
y rubrub no feature ;^;
4 years
Imagine putting effort into a level, only for you to to get CP after you quit
Awesome :D
this level should get you to the top
omg omg is it time for TheUnknown to get epic? ).?/$:!:&&.
this lvl is pretty hot gor a 4 yr old lvl tbh
cool leve dezorax, keep it up
RUB RUB FEATURE THIS!
This Should Be Featured :D
C'mon still no feature?
Not even a star rating? y rubrub ;-;
how the flip do u do this again?
AFTER 1069 ATTEMPTS IM FINALLY DONE :DDDDDD HGLSDFJHGNSDFLKHSJFD
really love the level
insendium played this level ur lucky
Another old level :0
I want this featured
kfjdkskf
nope i'm not midas from fortnite
i feel bad he hasnt gotten more rated levels
i love your levels! you should get featured someday :D
Very good, I'm happy this guy finally gets deserved attention, even tho it's several years late. :)
LOL ANOTHER MIDAS LEVEL MLFAOOOOOO
i wish midas was here to see this.
this is the Geometry Dash I love
It seems that rob just noticed this creator's existence ahaha. Good job btw u.u)
ok no lie, this one is actually fun and good
Midas probably doesn't even know that his levels are getting rated XD
GG! 171.000 Stars! 22/11/2021 :)
LOL THIS GUY AGAIN
When 1.9 levels better than 75% of 2.1 levels :gog:
All Your Rate Levels Done, GG :)
is robtop ok
kfjdkskf
Imagine 1.9 rates
YES
Yesssss
GG Codex
Really good!
another rate from a million years ago lmfao
I lost, GG balli
I win rafer
Too many old levels are getting rated, this is like 1.9
yes more 1.9 rates <3333
This level got 3rd place in Showcase Saturdays 5 by Asonicmen!
I am a 2.0 kid BUt THIs IS STILL AMAZING!!
no, give us midas levels
now this is a good 1.9 level
LOL
How dare you rate a 1.9 level that isnt by Midas <:((
yes codex g
midas is next?
insane
ive now beaten every single codex level with all the coins and stuff haha yes
the game
I cri everitim
old levels okay
LOL
wow, from 3cp to 12cp in a couple of days, that's an epic gamer moment
Midas got more CP then me in a day and I'm 100% fine with that lol XD
i actually wonder why this isnt featured
jump right before the downslope. kind of annoying but you get the hang of it
midas is has the golden touch, just like the real king midas
GG! Pretty buggy :/
MY BOY MIDASSSSSSS
8 fails at the final cube. I hate this level.
I fee bad for those 1.9 creators who never got their creator points 
This wouldn't even be feature worthy in 1.9's standards. C'mon.
robtop must have run out of thealmightywaves lvls tbh
see? robtop only features famous people, EVEN IF THE LEVEL IS AWESOME! COME ON THIS IS A 1.9 LEVEL 
Why is Rob featuring all of Midas's levels now
Insane 8 stars
lo estaba jugando desde ayer antes de que tenga rate y el cubo final es una mierda muy bugueado :/
ELECTRIC PARTY AND SOARING THE WIND NOW
pretty cool (first comment :p)
@WHATA BECAUSE 1.9 HAS BEST LEVELS
Aww yeahh
AGAIN, BRUH, DOUBLE RATE FOR A GUY WHO HASNT PLAYED GD IN 4 YEARS
DAMB
Insane, 8 stars
this guy struggled to get by with creating back then and 4 years later he gets rewarded :what:
I'M BACK BUT I LOST ALL MY DATA
YESSSSSS OMG
did this guy really go from 1 cp to 7 cp in a few days 4 years after the levels were released
featured plz
i clicked you
LOL LOL LOL WAHTTTTTTTTT 3 RATES IN A WEEK FOR A 1.9 MANS
lol
YES MIDAS AGAIN LMAO
GG! :) 30 Attempts (On Phone)!
Okay Rub just hates us
why is midas getting rates
actually so much more fun than most featured levels nowadays
GG :)
MIDAS FOR TOP 100
GG ;)
3 IN A ROW COME ON ROB
It's not copy paste, I make each structure individually just that it's the same generic design lol
every time someone posts a comment, they automatically get comment banned for 15 seconds
Too much copy and paste :(
secret way, drop at the dash orb at 8% between the 2 last cogwheels
lmao no need to put "hold" like thanks bud my next plan was to use WASD
1 attempt, also this should be rated 2 stars
nyaaaaaa
free coin | good level | easy | everything GG
1 att gg. deserves 2 star not 3 star rate
some block designs are kinda copy pasted, but still feature worthy :0
Gg ! pretty cool :)
i hate anime
Free coin owo
secret way
Very nice level!
Nice level but don't end on the drop :(
Secret way on 9% xd GG
19281 level!!
GG. The design is simply amazing.
Gg secret way at 9%
like if here before feature
this is so beathiful this is 100% remember my words its featured!!!
Looks good!
Very nice! 8)
Should be rated
gg ez
robbob epic pleas
oh
Like if here before feature
Cool
Very coooooooooooooooooooooooooool!
cool :)
gg 100%
Awesome
i truly like this level, the deco and gameplay are awesome and i really expect seeing it on featured
Slow down Rob I can't keep up :P
METALLICA
GG, all your levels complete
WOW :O wheres feature? :P
gg!
how do you use the wave
Awesome :)
oh no the gameplay has ruined the beauty of this level ;( (practice recommended)
Like if you died at the wave
I made a better font
how to wave
the name reminds me of a easy demon
very weird gameplay
WTF EL WAVE?
GG! Gameplay is a bit weird but it's still awesome level :)
Very unique but kinnda annoying. gg
gameplay is a bit of a wack. espicially the wave and the spider.
how to yse this wave?
nice
do you think yoshi gets embarrassed when he poops out eggs in front of mario? sorry if this is
*visible confusion*
wave is very hard to play, but the level is great
other levels: normal wave   this level: flash flood
whats up with the wave?
the wave's really not that hard
Rest in peace Lisa <3
Beautiful level, you made an amazing tribute for her. I hope she feels good in paradise...
I really hope this doesnt get daily, this is a serious level, we dont want a bunch of joke comments
Thank for your messages to Lisa <3
sorry so much :( R.I.P Lisa
The end screen is very, very long, But its forgiveable due to the conext, im sure lisa was wonderful
Amazing, should be epic just for the message that this level brings.
My condolences to you, may your friend rest in a better place.
Lisa is love...                          Lisa is live...                 <3
Very cool level atmosphere ;)
coming for the coins, leaving with depression...
Rest in peace :(
amazing level by the way bro :) sent
like to pay respect
rest in peace Lisa, you died loved
Don't worry L.I.S.A = Live In Safe Area. Goodbye lisa
i know how it feels to lose someone you cared about.
Like to give respect to Lisa. Don't like if you couldn't care less. ------------------------------->
try not to feel bad challenge *IMPOSSIBLE*
Press F to pay respects [F]
click for epic                                                                             [here]
Sneaky Sneaky
This level is GD History 
who else put in 69 
1st featured, no epic lol xd
here comes viprin, nexus and mulpan
1 like=1 day of 2.2
Like if you picked number 69
Coin 1 =  37,  Coin 2 = 49 : now give me likes
hold on a sec...there are different levels in this level ???
I found bug on 30%, when you click and reach that sign you can just fall down
who else tried to input the largest number they could by spamming?
                                                                                       like here
@TacticalSoup there are invisible spikes later but thanks for reporting anyway i'll fix that soon
You've improved so much from your previous work, I love this <3
No special level for 69? dissapointed
Best level concept I've ever seen.
This isn't epic because... uh, maybe-.. no... Because RobTop maybe wasn't being very smart?
like if ur here from partition's video
Lmao when I starting playing I thought 2.2 came not even kidding xd
me and the boys eatin slommy in the alley
what did france ever do to you?
I am win
Hey, can you tell me your CP count since I can't view your profile.
I am french :3
I was gonna make a joke but this level is amazing, deserved epic but this is amazing.
hey ceruglyphy, all im asking is why you blocked me?? why do u keep deleting my comments just answer
Ceru is the only one who can make default text look good.
for what?? I dont know what youre trying to accomplish just answer my question what did i do??
not france > france
This level is sooooo good! Really love the "I hate france" joke there too lmao
unblock me stanjy fish
gl with the blindfold
GG! All coins :)
this gave me gta5 vibes
this looks like knots ngl...thats...amazing...
Humans can have a little ketamine
i stole the lyrics from new wicked hue idc
Epic!!
my favourite song and music
The name reminds me of the sound my dad made when he left
Nice!
Give DogeThis101 top comment or i will eat your foot.
Pretty cool level with some fun gameplay, nice job Americat
this level was brought to you by the maryland gang
i no longer have to terrorize the innocent civilians of the united states of america
Featured!!!!!
r/swoooosh
Password is 111111
one day, lmao I love you rob
11,000 Stars
There could be more detail in some parts. Other than that, nothing else to say. Pretty nice!
whats with the trend of making levels where you litterally cant see anything
lol
Petetion to change to 5*
kinda hard for a 4 star
5*
Great clean level!
abselutly LOVE IT!!!
GG :D Fun level, a little harder than most hard rated levels.
BeFoRe RaAaAaTeEeEe
At first I thought this was an easy demon lol.
tHe pArTs dOn'T fIt
this is not a hard rated lvl, should be a harder
Thanks so much ^^
Amazing! I like the different styles. Feature incoming :)
to get the coin, on the wave part, skip the cube by going up when the blocks go up, wave down and g
hold up... ITS A HARD?
I dig the part at 40%
nice level bro!
bruh diversity is when people "care" that you do not celebrate Christmas but still play that music  
Password is 178346
not dedicated to me :'(
Congrats on 2 CP my friend
Absolutely Fantastic Level My Friend ^.^  (BTW Thx For Dedication :3)
i saw part of a jayuff level somewhere
where is robtop??? <3
i dont understand how this is 5*
The ships so tight ._."
this is so hot! FT worth ^^
Tf is an "animal rhythm"
Nice :)
like this comment for no reason
First we have bongo cat and now we have piano cat.also very good level
reminds me of the movie Sing.
not bad but the art unfortunately falls right into the uncanny valley
lol
nice lvl and song but y is that panda so intimidating
I hate myself
Is this Furry Rhythm
the level is good , is crazy animals
love the song
Esta bueno, pero hay mucho lag para jugar en android... arregla eso
gg but that first purple orb is annoying tbh 
i'm just sitting here hoping that the art isn't stolen
Y el nivel de las monas chinas >:v
Wow, awesome Level! So cool :D
GG
animal nice
omg. f*cking coin way....
Nice colors, gameplay could be maybe a little more consistent
did you know the bg on the homescreen changes to the bg of the level you most recently played?
password is 111119 (:
Really good design! 
This is the real Avengers: Endgame
Super slick design! And idk why everyone's saying the gameplay is confusing, it just takes practice.
I saw this in my recent tab lol
like to pay respect :(
GG :)
havent heard this song in a hot minute
I'd say its more of a demon though
Me gusta la variedad de decoracion :3
this song is amazing. like if you agree
you dont need to touch a black orb at the start
easy
wow nice level
gg
 
Im hosting a creator contest, if someone are interested *_^
Not quite Epic worthy imo, but good gameplay.
Good thing I cant read otherwise that title would probably mean something
ROBTOP JUST COMMENTED ON MY LEVEL
Pretty poorly optimized. Levels that look like this should not lag this much, if at all.
Please fix the LDM tho. Its really bad atm
The first part is amazing but after that the quality goes downhill so Im not sure what to think..
The first sentence of the song lyrics defines what I did for the level name :v
why there are some fortnite things ? XD
More cps for ThazM  owo
Nice
anybody whos level has a robtop comment on it must be so lucky!!
how do you do to make every orb so buggy wtf
robtop is confirmed illiterate
This is the third time I'm saying this, they are IN-game bugs that CANNOT BE FIXED!! It even says it
where 2.2 RobTop?
I updated it, see if LDM works
lol
The man behind the slaughter
buggiest level of 2.1 lmao
epic song
Cmon Robert,waiting gets really annoying after almost 3 years.1.4-1.9Updates didnt even take a year
This may be your best level, and even better since u only built it with ur left hand! (;
The pulses need some work, otherwise this level definitely deserves a feature.
kinda like dis doe
IT GOT FEATURED SO PROUD!! GG
Hey, pretty sure I've seen you around in places, congrats on your first CP
seriously this thing is your best work, GL on CP ^_^
i can see this getting rated tbh
It's so relaxing and chill~  Nice level  :3
Pretty cool level for being made with your non-dominant hand! :) Uploading to yt for review! :D
Now this is epic, completed with my left hand
However, that most likely comes from using your left hand. Really good level. #EmbraceLimitations
Lol people for some reason cant see the obvious spike at 92%
gg nnolokk on cp. glad to see many of my friends getting recognized
got this far w left hand, but this level is great. rob, rate it now. please. this level is beautiful
NnolokK built it with his non-dominant left hand, proving that for us left handers, left is right
GG very good level :)
The RIGHT way to beat this is with your LEFT hand
This is seriously incredible, especially how you managed to push through with the limitation :)
gg 1st cp :3
Im left handed and i use my index finger...
woa this song is so good! i wonder who made it?!? ;)
Hopefully this gets Epic 5*, thats my goal for this level. Like if you think it should!
Great!
Glad to have finally uploaded it! I hope you all enjoy, and thanks for the support!
This is what I really like from By7on :o His levels are always unique and the art is very nice :3
Like for RobTop, dislike for RobTop, ignore for Chuck Norris
Update #1: Decreased amount of black fade behind objects, fixed visual bugs, and added Bible verse!
Amazing work! :)
@SpKale, Im sorry but this needed epic
Man seriously Rob needs another level of rating, two places higher than epic for this one
Hola, vendo AVON :Y
Jawdropping! Sent for feature :D
I will just be making mostly auto levels from now on, but I will continue to do these as well.
like for mobile users :(
too bad there isnt a feature higher than epic...
One of the few levels that actually deserve Epic.
15 FPS
wtf? I just won a coin when I liked a comment!
good arts!
Merry Christmas yall! :D
